PUBLIC OPINION ON TRANSGENDER RIGHTS: POLAND
The survey presented respondents with a series of questions to assess their relationships and level of
comfort with transgender people, as well as their views of transgender people and their rights, roles
in society, and characteristics. Respondents were also asked to provide demographic data, including
information on their gender (either male or female), age, household income, 4 and education. 5
Data presented in this report include summary statistics and discussion of the extent to which
demographic factors are associated with views of transgender people and their rights. Effects that
are statistically significant at the 95% confidence interval are presented as u
publication.
PUBLIC OPINION
Proximity to Transgender People
Few people in Poland are estimated to know a transgender person. Social proximity, or the extent to
which someone in one group knows someone else in another group, can heavily influence an
th 6 Responses
are depicted in Figure I.
A majority of respondents (65.8%) indicated they did not know transgender people, that they either
rarely or never encountered transgender people or had seen but did not know any transgender
people personally.
4 Monthly pre-tax household income was categorized as low, medium, or high based on ranges of 0-3,399 PLN, 3,400-13,599
PLN, and 13,600 PLN or more, respectively.
5 Education levels were categorized as low, medium, or high based on ranges of pre-primary education to lower secondary
education, upper secondary to post-secondary education, and tertiary education or higher.
6 Respondents were able to respond affirmatively to multiple questions indicating different relationships with transgender
people. Response rates for the different response options, therefore, cannot be summed.
Figure I. Proximity to Transgender People
Some people dress and live as one sex even though they were born another. For instance, someone who was considered
male at birth may feel they are actually female and so dresses and lives as a woman, and someone female at birth may feel
they are actually male and dresses and lives as a man. How familiar, if at all, are you with people like this?
43.6%
Rarely or never Seen people like Have Have personal Am myself like
encounter
people like this
this but do not
know them
personally
acquaintances
like this
friends/family
like this
this
Only 14.5% of respondents stated that they knew a transgender person, as an acquaintance, friend,
or family member, or were themselves transgender. The proportion of respondents who said they
knew a transgender person or were themselves transgender
in Poland was lower than in all 10 other European countries
sampled (see Table I).
Of all countries sampled in the IPSOS survey, respondents
in Poland were the most likely to report that they did not
know if they knew a transgender person, at 21.7%. In
comparison, the average across all countries sampled was
6.4%.
There were no significant demographic differences between
those respondents who said that they knew transgender
people (including those with acquaintances, family, or
friends who were transgender or were themselves
transgender) and those who did not know transgender
Table 1. Proximity to Transgender People
Know or are a Transgender Person
Poland 14.5%
Russia 16.3%
France 17.0%
Hungary 19.9%
Germany 20.0%
United Kingdom 21.5%
Turkey 22.4%
Sweden 22.6%
Belgium 24.4%
Spain 24.9%
Italy 32.0%
people (including those who rarely/never encountered transgender people, those who saw
in terms of young age (under 35), gender, education, or income.
23.1% 21.7%
11.8%
2.4% 0.4%
This content downloaded from 184.75.208.234 on Sun, 27 Mar 2022 19:51:35 UTC
All use subject to https://about.jstor.org/terms
Attitudes Toward Transgender People
Prejudice is often reflected in self-reported discomfort with the social proximity of minority group
members. Figure II shows how respondents perceived transgender people in particular roles in
comparison to other populations including people of different racial/ethnic backgrounds and gay or
lesbian people in Poland. 7
Figure II. Attitudes Toward Transgender People in Society
Could you please identify any that you would not like to have as . . .
31.4%
Neighbors Coworkers Teachers hired by
schools
People in the
military
Elected leaders Family members
People who are a different race/ethnicity to me
People who are gay or lesbian
People who dress and live as one sex but were born another
When asked what kinds of people they would not like to have in particular roles, as neighbors,
coworkers, teachers, members of the military, elected leaders, and family members, only minorities
of respondents indicated transgender people. Therefore, majorities of respondents in Poland did not
indicate that they would not like to have transgender people in these roles. Approximately one
quarter or less of respondents stated that they would not like to have transgender people as
neighbors (16.7%), coworkers (20.0%), military personnel (21.5%), elected leaders (19.4%), or family
members (25.7%). Opposition to the idea of transgender people serving as teachers was more
pronounced (31.4%).
Respondents were consistently more likely to indicate that it was transgender people, compared to
people of a different race or ethnicity, with whom they were less comfortable, in most cases
significantly so. For example, while 31.4% of respondents stated they
people serving as teachers, this was true for only 5.9% of respondents regarding people of a
different race or ethnicity. On some questions, respondents indicated that they would not want gay
7 The survey also asked respondents about their opinions regarding people with mental illnesses and people with physical
disabilities in these circumstances.
% %
%
%
25.7%
22.8
20.0% 21.5%
19.4% 19.4% 20.9
16.7%
14.4%
17.5%17.5%
11.4 10.0
6.8% 5.5% 5.9% 7.3%
or lesbian people and transgender people as neighbors, military personnel, elected officials, and
family members at similar rates.
Among respondents in Poland, respondents between the ages of 16 and 34 were significantly more
likely to indicate that they would not like transgender people serving as teachers (OR=1.52,
p<0.05), 8 elected leaders (OR=1.93, p<0.01), 9 or as neighbors (OR =1.90, p<0.05) 10 than
respondents ages 35 to 64. Men were more likely than women to report they would not like to have
transgender people in these roles, although these differences were not always statistically significant.
Men were more likely to have reported that they would not like having coworkers who were
transgender (OR=1.93, p<0.01).11 There were no significant differences on the bases of
Those who indicated that they knew a transgender person, as an acquaintance, friend, or family
member, or were themselves transgender were significantly less likely to say they would not like to
have a transgender neighbor (OR=0.36, p<0.05). 12
Rights of Transgender People
Respondents to the survey were also asked a number of questions about their views on the rights of
transgender people. In many countries, government identification documents are required or are
critically important in accessing benefits and rights, including health care, education, transportation,
burdensome for many transgender people. In Poland, those who wish to update their government-
issued ID with a change of gender may do so through a court procedure involving a medical
13
A majority, 60.6%, of respondents in Poland believed that transgender people should be able to
update government ID to reflect a change of gender. 14 As depicted in Figure III, Nearly a quarter,
24.0%, of respondents believed that transgender people should be able to make this change with
no restrictions.
8 Results did not remain significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, gender, low household income (below 3,399
PLN per month), and education were added.
9 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, gender, low household income (below 3,399 PLN
per month), and education were added, AOR=1.89, p<0.05.
10 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, gender, low household income (below 3,399 PLN
per month), and education were added, AOR=1.95, p<0.05.
11 Results did not remain significant when knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399
PLN per month), and education were added as covariates.
12 Results remained significant when covariates for young age (under 35), gender, low household income (below 3,399 PLN per
month), and education were added, AOR=0.25, p<0.05
13 According to a report by the Trans-Fuzja Foundation and the Polish Society of Anti-
-Fuzja, Polskie Towarzystwo Prawa Antydyskryminacyjnego. (2014).
Gender Recognition in Poland: A Report on Court and Administrative Procedures. Warsaw, Poland: Fundacja Trans-
Trans Respect Versus Transphobia Worldwide, TGEU, 2017,
transrespect.org/en/map/pathologization-requirement/#.
14 Respondents had the option to select multiple responses to this question regarding whether and, if so, how transgender people
should be able to update their ID. Response proportions, therefore, may not be summed. Response options inc
hes their
Alternatively, 15.9% of respondents stated that they did not believe transgender people should be
able to update the gender on their ID, no matter what.
Figure III. Right to Change the Gender Identified on Government-Issued ID
Thinking still about people who dress and live as one sex even though they were born another. Do you think people like this
should be allowed to legally change their sex on identity documents, such as government ID cards or driving licenses?
24.0%
14.1%
21.7%
15.9%
20.2%
7.9%
3.4%
Yes, with no Yes, but only Yes, but only Yes, but only No, no matter know Do not wish to
additional with a doctor's after they have with approval what answer
restrictions approval to surgery so
their body
from a
government
matches their official, such as
identity a judge
-issued ID
based on demographic characteristics. However, low income respondents were significantly less
likely to report that transgender people should be able to change the gender on their ID only with
approval from a government official (OR=0.45, p<0.05)15 and were significantly more likely to
16 compared to
those with higher incomes.
When combining response options to this question into two categories, either in support or not in
support of the right to update gender on government-issued ID, there were no significant
differences in the demographic characteristics of respondents.17 However, respondents who knew
transgender people, or were themselves transgender, were significantly more likely to answer that
they were in support of the right to update ID (OR=2.79, p<0.05). 18
Respondents were also asked a series of questions about their views on certain rights for transgender
people and the strength of their agreement or disagreement with various statements as depicted in
15 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), gender, and education
were added, AOR=0.46, p<0.05.
16 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), gender, and education
were added, AOR=2.52, p<0.01.
17
right to update their ID were not included.
18 Results remained significant when covariates for young age (under 35), gender, and education, and low income were added,
AOR=3.06, p<0.05.
Table II. 19 For most questions, a sizable minority of respondents in Poland, approximately one in
five respondents, indicated that they did not know whether they agreed or disagreed with each
statement about transgender rights. However, there was, in most instances, a greater level of support
among respondents in Poland for transgender rights than opposition.
A majority agreed that transgender people should be allowed to have surgery so that their bodies
match their identities (62.7%), which is already legal in the country, and that transgender people
should be protected from discrimination by the government (56.3%). While Poland currently
prohibits discrimination on the basis of many enumerated traits, gender identity is not one of these. 20
Though there was not majority support for some of the other rights of transgender people identified
in the survey, respondents were more likely to indicate agreement than disagreement with the
provision of many other rights, including the right to marry someone of the birth sex (41.7% vs
36.4%), use the restroom of the gender they identify with (44.1% vs 33%), and conceive, if
biologically capable of doing so (45.1% vs 33.5%).
The one area in which respondents indicated a greater level of opposition than support was on the
question of adoption. A majority of respondents disagreed with permitting transgender people to
adopt children (54.3% vs 26.5%).
Among those who responded to these questions, there were few demographic differences between
those who agreed and those who disagreed with the provision of these specific rights. Respondents
with less education and lower income were not more or less likely to be supportive of transgender
appropriate restroom, or receive protection from discrimination. Respondents under the age of 35
were significantly less likely (OR=0.58, p<0.05) than those ages 35 to 64 to say they agreed that
transgender people should legally be allowed to have surgery. 21 Men were also significantly less likely
to say they agreed that transgender people should be able to marry someone of their same birth sex
(OR=0.56, p<0.01) and be protected from discrimination by the government (OR=0.59, p<0.05). 22
Those who indicated that they knew a transgender person, as an acquaintance, friend, or family
member, or were themselves transgender were significantly more likely to agree that transgender
people should have the right to marry a person of their same birth sex (OR=2.15, p<0.05) and use
the restroom of the sex with which they identify (OR=2.22, p<0.05). 23
19
from discrimination by the government, adopt, access restrooms corresponding to their identity, give birth, and marry
someone of their same birth sex.
20 - Trans Respect Versus Transphobia Worldwide, TGEU, 2017,
transrespect.org/en/map/pathologization-requirement/#. & TGEU Transgender Europe. (2017). Trans Rights Europe Index 2017.
TGEU.
21 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, gender, low household income (below 3,399
PLN per month), and education were added, AOR=0.56, p<0.05.
22 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), low household income
(below 3,399 PLN per month), and education were added, AOR=0.53, p<0.01 and AOR=0.57, p<0.05, respectively.
23 Results remained significant when covariates for gender, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399 PLN per
month), and education were added, AOR=2.22, p<0.05 and AOR=2.43, p<0.01, respectively.
Table II. Attitudes Toward Rights of Transgender People
Please indicate whether you agree or disagree with each statement below about people who dress and live as one sex even
though they were born another.
Strongly
agree
Somewhat
agree
Somewhat
disagree
Strongly
disagree
They should be allowed to have
surgery so their body matches their
identity
32.9% (164) 29.8% (149) 9.6% (48) 9.9% (49) 17.9% (89)
They should be allowed to use the
restroom of the sex they identify with 19.2% (96) 24.9% (125) 15.0% (75) 18.0% (90) 22.9% (115)
They should be allowed to marry a
person of their birth sex 18.0% (90) 23.7% (119) 13.6% (68) 22.8% (114) 21.8% (109)
They should be allowed to conceive or
give birth to children (if biologically
capable of doing so)
19.6% (98) 25.5% (127) 12.9% (64) 20.6% (103) 21.4% (107)
They should be allowed to adopt
children 9.9% (49) 16.6% (83) 18.3% (91) 36.0% (180) 19.2% (96)
They should be protected from
discrimination by the government 24.7% (123) 31.6% (158) 13.6% (68) 11.6% (58) 18.4% (92)
Attitudes toward the rights of transgender people can, in part, be understood with information
about how the general population views the social status of transgender people and their beliefs
transgender people, including whether they believed that transgender people have a mental illness,
are committing a sin, or are violating traditions, which mi
on transgender rights (see Table III). 24 A majority of respondents rejected the idea that transgender
people are inherently committing a sin by being who they are (57.4%). Respondents were also more
likely to disagree than agree with the idea that transgender people are violating the traditions of their
culture (48.7% vs 30.9%), have a mental illness (45.0% vs 31.9%) or have a physical disability (46.5%
vs 29.1%). There was majority support among respondents for the belief that transgender people are
a natural occurrence in society (54.0%). However, very few respondents indicated that transgender
people had a special place in society (14.2%) or possessed unique spiritual gifts (13.6%).
Among those who responded to these questions, demographic characteristics other than sex and age
were often not associated with beliefs about transgender people. As with other questions, men were
generally more likely to hold negative impressions of transgender people than women. They were
significantly more likely to say that transgender people were inherently violating the traditions of
24 Respondents were asked if they believed transgender people had a mental illness, a physical disability, were committing a
sin, were violating cultural traditions, were a natural occurrence, had a special place in society, and had unique spiritual gifts.
Respondents were asked to indicate if they strongly agreed, somewhat agreed, strongly disagreed, somewhat disagreed, or did
not know, in response to these questions.
their culture (OR=1.81, p<0.01) 25 and were significantly less likely to say that transgender people
had a special place in society (OR=0.54, p<0.05). 26 Additionally, younger respondents, ages 16 to 34,
were significantly more likely than older respondents, ages 35 to 64, to agree that transgender people
were committing a sin by being transgender (OR=1.78, p<0.05). 27
As in other instances, having transgender acquaintances, friends, or family members or being
transgender yourself was a significant predictor of positive views of transgender people. Among
those who responded to the questions about beliefs of transgender people, those who were or knew
a transgender person were significantly less likely to say transgender people had a mental illness
(OR=0.52, p<0.05)28 and significantly more likely to say they were natural (OR=2.09, p<0.05), 29 had
a special place in society (OR=2.06, p<0.05)30 , and possessed unique spiritual gifts (OR=3.69,
p<0.01).31
Table III. Attitudes Toward the Identity and Societal Role of Transgender People
Please indicate whether you agree or disagree with each statement below about people who dress and live as one sex even
though they were born another.
Strongly
agree
Somewhat
agree
Somewhat
disagree
Strongly
disagree
They have a form of mental illness 11.9% (59) 20.0% (100) 22.2% (111) 22.8% (114) 23.2% (116)
They have a form of physical disability 7.9% (39) 21.2% (106) 20.5% (103) 26.0% (130) 24.4% (122)
They are committing a sin 7.4% (37) 7.9% (39) 19.3% (97) 38.1% (190) 27.3% (136)
They are violating the traditions of my
culture 11.3% (57) 19.6% (98) 22.5% (113) 26.2% (131) 20.4% (102)
They are a natural occurrence 19.3% (96) 34.7% (174) 12.9% (65) 9.8% (49) 23.3% (117)
They have a special place in society 2.7% (13) 11.5% (58) 26.9% (135) 30.2% (151) 28.6% (143)
They have unique spiritual gifts 3.8% (19) 9.8% (49) 20.1% (101) 29.5% (148) 36.7% (183)
25 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), low household income
(below 3,399 PLN per month), and education were added, AOR=1.86, p<0.05.
26 Results did not remain significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, young age (under 35), low household
income (below 3,399 PLN per month), and education were added.
27 Results remained significant when covariates for knowing a transgender person, gender, low household income (below 3,399
PLN per month), and education were added, AOR=1.92, p<0.01.
28 Results did not remain significant when covariates for gender, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399
PLN per month), and education were added.
29 Results remained significant when covariates for gender, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399 PLN per
month), and education were added, AOR=2.23, p<0.05.
30 Results remained significant when covariates for gender, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399 PLN per
month), and education were added, AOR=1.96, p<0.05.
31 Results remained significant when covariates for gender, young age (under 35), low household income (below 3,399 PLN per
month), and education were added, AOR=4.22, p<0.01.
CONCLUSION
These findings provide evidence that there is a solid base of support for the rights of transgender
people in Poland. On many issues, there are greater levels of support than opposition to the rights
of transgender people, and there are majorities in support of some of these rights, including
government protection from discrimination, access to surgery, the ability of transgender people to
change their gender on government-issued ID, and positive beliefs about transgender people,
including that they are not committing a sin and that they are natural.
When asked what kinds of people they would not like to have as neighbors, coworkers, teachers,
members of the military, elected officials, or family members, a majority of people did not indicate
they felt this way about transgender individuals. There were, however, consistently greater
proportions of individuals indicating that they would not like to have transgender people in these
roles compared to gay or lesbian people and people of different races/ethnicities. There also appears
to be a heightened level of concern regarding issues related to caring for children, such as
transgender people serving as teachers and the right of transgender people to adopt children.
Observed differences in support indicating more favorable attitudes towards transgender people and
their rights among women and those who reported knowing transgender people or being
transgender are consistent with the literature on public opinion about transgender rights. 32 However,
to have surgery and may be more likely to view transgender people as committing a sin than people
35 to 64, are not widely reflected in the current literature on attitudes toward transgender people.
The question of the extent to which age cohorts hold significantly different views on transgender
people and their rights in Poland would benefit from further research and analysis.




INTRODUCTION
This report presents information on public opinion about transgender people and their rights in the
United States of America. We analyzed data from The Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People
survey, U.S. panel, to provide information on views toward transgender people, their rights, and their
status in society. This report:
• describes attitudes toward transgender people and their rights and status in society,
• investigates associations between individual-level participant characteristics and public opinion,
and,
•
States.
Until recently, surveys about transgender people and their rights were rare.1, 2 However, since
2015, several studies have assessed the American public’s opinion about transgender people and
their rights. 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 Studies suggest that a majority of the American public supports the
enactment of non-discrimination protections,14 adoption rights,15 and open military service16, 17, 18 for
transgender people. The public is more divided on questions about access to public restrooms based
on an individual’s gender identity. 19, 20 Factors such as familiarity with transgender people, as well
as individuals’ sex and age, have been associated with support for transgender rights.21, 22 However,
the existing literature on public attitudes regarding transgender people and their rights is thin and
understanding the extent to which misperceptions about transgender people are held by various
Federal statutes in the United States of America do not expressly protect people from gender identity-
based discrimination in employment, education, housing, public accommodations, and other realms.23
Transgender people do have the right to marry individuals in the United States, regardless of their
current gender identity or birth sex, and courts are considering the constitutionality of recent policies
restricting the ability of transgender people to serve in the military. However, the United States’
federal system of governance decentralizes policy-making, enabling a patchwork of policies and
laws among federal, state, and municipal governments. With regard to many of the issues examined
example, have state-wide statutes that explicitly prohibit discrimination in employment and housing
prohibit discrimination in public accommodations based on gender identity.24, 25 In three other states,
human rights commissions have interpreted existing sex non-discrimination statutes to also prohibit
discrimination based on gender identity in one or more areas. 26 At the time of this writing, the U.S.
be interpreted to include gender identity.27
Equality Act of 2019, which would amend many existing federal non-discrimination statutes to include
gender identity.28 In addition to policies regarding discrimination, states also have jurisdiction over
other policies that impact transgender people, such as their right to adopt children and processes for
gender recognition on government-issued identity documents and records such as driver’s licenses
29
METHODOLOGY
This report analyzed data gathered for the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey
about participants’ familiarity with transgender people,30 as well as attitudes toward transgender
people, their rights, and their status in society from online panel assembled by Ipsos. The U.S.
sample included panelists ages 18 to 64 who could complete a survey in English (see Appendix II for
to 64. 31
The analytic sample included 1,000 participants. Below we presented weighted percentages and
familiarity with transgender people, and attitudes toward transgender people and related public
policies. We conducted weighted multinomial logistic regression analyses to determine whether
individual-level characteristics, such as sex, age, education, income, and familiarity with transgender
people, were associated with dependent variables, such as attitudes toward transgender people,
as transgender because the group was too small to generate reliable estimates for transgender
participants. 32 We presented additional information regarding regression analyses in Appendix I.
In our analyses, we used Stata 14 and 15. Ipsos provided survey weights which allowed results to
General Institutional Review Board (NGIRB) deemed this study exempt from review as human subjects
DEMOGRAPHIC AND SOCIOECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS
In 2017, a total of 1,000 U.S. Ipsos panelists participated in the Global Attitudes Toward Transgender
People survey. Among these survey participants, similar percentages were male (49.5%) and female
(50.5%) (Table 1), and the sample was relatively evenly split across age groups (mean age=41.4 years).
Over half (53.5%) of participants reported at least some college education, with the remaining 46.5%
reporting a high school graduate or lower education. Approximately one in six participants reported a
low monthly household income (<25,000
household incomes of or . Majorities reported being married
(56.2%) and employed (66.1%).
Table 1. Demographic and socioeconomic characteristics of survey participants (N=1,000)
UNWEIGHTED
FREQUENCY
WEIGHTED
PERCENTAGE 95% CI
SEX
male 476 49.5% (45.7%, 53.3%)
female 524 50.5% (46.7%, 54.3%)
AGE (YEARS)
mean 1,000 41.4 (40.3, 42.4)
18-34 267 36.5% (32.7%, 40.5%)
35-49 278 29.3% (25.8%, 32.9%)
50-64 455 34.2% (31.0%, 37.7%)
EDUCATION
low
272 46.5% (42.6%, 50.4%)
medium 281 25.4% (22.4%, 28.6%)
high 447 28.1% (25.3%, 31.1%)
MONTHLY HOUSEHOLD INCOME
low 81 16.2% (13.0%, 20.1%)
medium 365 41.9% (38.2%, 45.7%)
high 554 41.9% (38.3%, 45.6%)
MARITAL STATUS
married 620 56.2% (52.3%, 60.1%)
other † 380 43.8% (39.9%, 47.7%)
EMPLOYMENT STATUS ††
employed 734 66.1% (62.1%, 69.8%)
not employed 265 33.9% (30.2%, 37.9%)
†
Other includes domestic partnership/living as married, single, divorced, and widowed; †† Employed incldues employed full
time or part-time, self-employed, and in the military; Not employed includes students, unemployed, homemakers, and retired.
FAMILIARITY WITH TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
Somewhat less than half of the participants reported having seen transgender people before but not
knowing them personally (44.5%), and about a quarter reported rarely or never encountering transgender
acquaintances, and 16.6% reported having personal friends or family members who are transgender.
33
Figure 1. Familiarity with transgender people among panel participants (N=1,000)
I RARELY OR NEVER
ENCOUNTER PEOPLE
LIKE THIS
I HAVE SEEN PEOPLE
LIKE THIS BUT
DON’T KNOW THEM
PERSONALLY
I HAVE
ACQUAINTANCES LIKE
THIS
I HAVE PERSONAL
FRIENDS/FAMILY LIKE
THIS
I MYSELF AM LIKE THIS DON’T KNOW
26.1%
44.5%
21.3% 16.6%
4.9% 3.0%
though they were born another. For instance, someone who was considered male at birth may feel
they are actually female and so dresses and lives as a woman, and someone female at birth may feel
they are actually male and dresses and lives as a man. How familiar, if at all, are you with people like
allowed to endorse multiple responses.
(62.1%) participants reported only having seen transgender people but not knowing them personally
or rarely or never encountering transgender people (not shown). Approximately one in three (30.0%)
participants reported having transgender acquaintances, friends, or family members (not shown).
ATTITUDES TOWARD THE RIGHTS OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
When we assessed attitudes directly, greater percentages of participants strongly or somewhat
strongly agreed with each of the policies included in the survey. Nearly three in four (72.7%)
participants agreed that transgender people should be protected from discrimination, compared to
19.4% who disagreed with this statement (Figure 2). Majorities of participants also agreed, somewhat
conceive or give birth to children (70.3%), marry a person of their birth sex (68.0%), serve in the
military (64.6%), and adopt children (64.6%). Slightly more participants (47.3% vs. 42.7%) agreed
than disagreed that transgender people should be allowed to use the restroom consistent with their
gender identity. Across all seven items, between 7.9% and 11.4% of participants indicated a response
Figure 2. Attitudes toward the rights of transgender people among panel participants (N=1,000)
THEY SHOULD BE
PROTECTED FROM
DISCRIMINATION
THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO HAVE
SURGERY SO THEIR
BODY MATCHES THEIR
IDENTITY
THEY SHOULD
BE ALLOWED TO
CONCEIVE OR GIVE
BIRTH TO CHILDREN
(IF, BIOLOGICALLY
CAPABLE TO DO SO)
THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO MARRY
A PERSON OF THEIR
BIRTH SEX
THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO SERVE IN
THE MILITARY
THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO ADOPT
CHILDREN
STRONGLY AGREE SOMEWHAT AGREE SOMEWHAT DISAGREE STRONGLY DISAGREE DON’T KNOW
With weighted regression analyses, we explored how participants’ familiarity with transgender
people 34 and participants’ demographic and socioeconomic status were associated with their
reported that they knew a transgender person (relative to those who did not know a transgender
transgender people (controlling for age, sex, educational attainment, and household income). This
included transgender people’s rights to have surgery so their body matches their identity (Relative
3.63]). 35
levels on any of the seven rights-based questions after taking age, education, household income, and
familiarity with transgender people into account.
THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO USE THE
RESTROOM OF THE SEX
THEY IDENTIFY WITH
likely than those ages 50 to 64 to agree that transgender people should be allowed to have gender-
transgender people should be allowed to use the restroom consistent with their current gender
statements.
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE 36
A majority of participants agreed that transgender people are brave (57.4%), and a greater percentage
of participants agreed than disagreed (47.4% vs. 25.0%) that transgender people are natural (Figure
3). Majorities of participants also disagreed that transgender people have a form of physical disability
(66.8%), have a form of mental illness (51.4%), or are committing a sin (52.0%). Additionally, 48.3% of
participants disagreed that transgender people have unique spiritual gifts. Across six items, between
Figure 3. Attitudes toward transgender people among panel participants (N=1,000)
PEOPLE WHO DRESS
AND LIVE AS ONE SEX
EVEN THOUGH THEY
WERE BORN ANOTHER
ARE BRAVE
THEY ARE A NATURAL
OCCURANCE
THEY HAVE A FORM OF
MENTAL ILLNESS
THEY ARE COMMITTING
A SIN
THEY HAVE UNIQUE
SPIRITUAL GIFTS
THEY HAVE A FORM OF
PHYSICAL DISABILITY
STRONGLY AGREE SOMEWHAT AGREE SOMEWHAT DISAGREE STRONGLY DISAGREE DON’T KNOW
Public Opinion of Transgender Rights in the United States | 10
DISCUSSION
37 The data
also suggested that more American adults hold positive attitudes and beliefs toward transgender
people than hold negative attitudes and beliefs, and that majorities of the American public perceive
that society’s acceptance of transgender people has increased and that this is a positive development.
About one-third (30.0%) of the sample knew someone who is transgender, a slightly larger percentage
than has been observed in recent probability-sample surveys.38, 39 Familiarity with transgender people
was associated with greater support for transgender people and their rights. Results also indicated
higher levels of support for transgender rights and more favorable attitudes about transgender
40 Surprisingly, older
birth sex, conceive or give birth to children, adopt children, have protection from discrimination by
the government, and serve in the military. There was also greater support for, than opposition to, the
right of transgender people to use a restroom consistent with their gender identity.
marginalized minority groups.41 Interpersonal contact may reduce prejudice toward a minority group,
a process known as intergroup contact theory. 42 This includes both indirect contact, such as through
media exposure, and secondary contact, such as through knowing gay or lesbian people.43, 44, 45 Our
46, 47, 48 suggested that this process may apply to familiarity with and
attitudes toward transgender people.
As noted above, this study determined that, consistent with previous studies, a person’s age and sex
are associated with higher levels of support for transgender rights and positive attitudes towards
transgender people. Across the research literature, older individuals have consistently held less
studies of public attitudes towards LGBT rights.49, 50
tolerance, with males reporting less accepting attitudes than females.51
While data on public opinion regarding transgender rights is limited 52 and, generally, does not allow
for comparisons across time, available data indicate that attitudes toward some of the policies
addressed in this survey have changed since the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People
survey. Similarly, some policies have changed since this survey was administered. For example, the
federal government has since implemented a ban on the enlistment and service of transgender
support for transgender military service.53, 54, 55, 56
There is also some evidence of somewhat lower levels of public support for restroom use than other
public policy issues,57, 58 with some data suggesting that attitudes are closely linked to ideolog
viewpoints. 59, 60 Some opposition to transgender people using restrooms consistent with their gender
identity has been articulated as a concern about potential safety risks for girls and women (where
the potential assailants of concern are cisgender men).61 However, these concerns have not been
substantiated with empirical research and the one published peer-reviewed study of this issue found
no increase in criminal incidents following the adoption of gender-inclusive public accommodation
policies.62 Again, this survey and some others 63, 64, 65 have found greater support for, than opposition
to, the right of transgender people to use a restroom consistent with their gender identity.
In summary, this report adds to emergent research on public attitudes regarding transgender people
and their rights and status in United States society. Future research on attitudes towards transgender
people, within the U.S. and abroad, should include cognitive testing of survey questions to ensure
comprehension and cross-cultural validity. Given increasing attention to transgender rights as a
legal and public policy issue, and increasing representation of transgender people in mass media,
it is important to further document change in public attitudes over time, including how opinions on
transgender people in mass media, as well as by changes i.

Transgender people perhaps have better representation today than they
did even 15 years ago. Research indicates that there are now over a dozen
nationally active transgender advocacy groups in the United States
(Nownes 2010), and there are perhaps hundreds more operating in states
and localities across America. Moreover, numerous LGB groups such as
the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, GLAAD (Gay & Lesbian Alli-
ance Against Defamation), and the Human Rights Campaign now work
on behalf of transgender people. In short, transgender advocacy is alive
and well in the United States.
Yet developments in transgender interest group politics over the past
20 years have not been uniformly positive. For example, although the pop-
ulation of transgender interest groups grew in the latter part of the last
century, that growth seems to have stalled in this century. In addition,
transgender rights groups now compete openly for members and support
with LGB groups—groups that have wider constituencies and thus may
focus less on issues of interest to transgender individuals than do stand-
alone transgender rights groups. In this chapter, I ask: What is the current
state of national transgender interest group advocacy in the United States?
In addressing this question, I pay special attention to density dependence
theory, a theory that purports to explain population dynamics within in-
terest group populations. This theory is popular among sociologists, and
has begun receiving attention from political scientists. It is an intriguing
and convincing lens through which to view the development of transgen-
der rights interest group representation. After addressing this question, I
ask another: What challenges face transgender interest group advocates
and their allies in the new century? Political science and related disciplines
have long theorized about the trajectory of social movements and interest
group populations. I address this question in an attempt to discover what
existing theories can tell us about the possible future of transgender inter-
est group representation in the United States.
Transgender Advocacy in the United States:
A Brief Overview
Interest group scholars define the term interest group quite broadly to in-
clude virtually any organization that attempts to influence government
decisions. The interest group universe in the United States is incredibly
large and almost unfathomably varied. Estimates suggest that there are
upwards of 200,000 interest groups working to influence government de-
cisions in the United States, and few constituencies have no representation
by interest groups (Nownes 2013). Of course, not all groups and causes are
represented equally before government. Virtually every reputable study
shows that the interests of America’s largest business institutions are vastly
overrepresented before government (Baumgartner et al. 2009; Baumgart-
ner and Leech 1998; Salisbury 1984).
Transgender interest groups are now part of the national interest group
universe. So what is a transgender interest group? In an earlier study
(Nownes 2010, 692–93), I defined a transgender interest group very
broadly as “an interest group whose primary political purpose is to advo-
cate on behalf of transgender men, and/or women, and/or minors.” This
definition excludes groups that work on transgender issues but have other
concerns as well. Thus, it excludes LGBT groups such as those mentioned
above, as well as broad-based civil liberties and civil rights groups such as
the American Civil Liberties Union and the NAACP, as well as business
firms, trade associations, labor unions, and other types of groups that
might occasionally weigh in on transgender rights issues.
The Population of Transgender Interest Groups in America
In an earlier article on nationally active transgender interest groups in the
United States (Nownes 2010), I found that between the years 1964–2005,
26 such groups were founded. 1 Identifying these groups was not easy. I
formulated an initial list by using the Encyclopedia of Associations (Gale
Research Company 1964–2010). 2 For each edition of this encyclopedia of
groups, I turned to the index and looked up the words “transgender” and
“transsexual.” The groups listed under these headings for the period under
study comprised my original master list of groups. From here, I consulted
written histories of transgender politics (Califia 2003; Currah, Juang, and
Minter 2006; Meyerowitz 2002) in an attempt to find the names of any
additional transgender interest groups. Next, I scanned websites of inter-
est to the transgender community (e.g., ABGender.com 2008; Delta V
2002; and Transsexual Road Map 2008), searching for the names of groups
that I may have missed. From here, I used the Factiva database to locate
scholarly articles and news stories that may have mentioned specific trans-
gender groups. Finally, I e-mailed a small number of transgender activists
and asked them about transgender groups in the United States. I obtained
the names of a few additional groups in this way. The top series in figure
3.1 charts the evolution of the transgender interest group sector during
this period. The bottom series in figure 3.1 shows the year that organiza-
tions in the sample of LGBT groups “added the T” to their mission state-
ments (I will discuss this series subsequently). The first nationally active
transgender interest group was founded in 1964. That group, the pioneer-
ing Erickson Educational Foundation, was primarily a grant-making and
educational organization. As the top series in figure 3.1 shows, from 1964
to the mid-1980s the population of nationally active transgender groups
remained very small. In the mid-1980s, however, the population began to
grow in size. Between 1986 and 2005, the number of groups grew from
only two to 19. Between 2005 and 2010, the size of population contracted
a bit, as no new groups were founded and a few groups fell by the wayside.
So what explains the population trajectory that we see in the top series
in figure 3.1? In other words, why did the population stay so small for so
long, and then grow to the extent that it did when it did, and then level off?
In addressing this question, I tested two general theories that purport to
explain the dynamics of interest group populations. The first theory, the
theory of political opportunity, rests upon the concept of “political oppor-
tunity structure” (or POS; see Jenkins, Jacobs, and Agnone 2003; Meyer
and Minkoff 2004). The POS facing a population of groups and the activ-
ists associated with them is broadly defined as “the institutional features or
informal political alignments of a given political system” (McAdam 1995,
224, italics in original). Essentially, POS theories posit that external politi-
cal conditions determine when and which interest groups form, survive,
and die. POS theorists David S. Meyer and Douglas R. Imig explain: “in-
terest group formation and survival reflects the external political environ-
ment” (Meyer and Imig 1993, 262). When political opportunities expand,
“new groups form and existing groups flourish” (262). When political op-
portunities wane, fewer groups form and extant groups languish. The big-
gest problem with POS theories is their opaque and inconsistent concep-
tualization of “political opportunity structure.” In sum, the POS facing a
population of groups may consist of anything outside the groups them-
selves. This difficulty with conceptualization notwithstanding, many
scholars of interest groups and social movements agree that understand-
ing where groups come from and how they develop requires that we pay
close attention to contextual factors.
The second theory that I tested was density dependence theory, a gen-
eral theory pulled from biology and posited by organizational ecologists
to explain trajectories in populations of groups. The theory flows from
two general observations about populations of groups. The first is that
within an organizational population, an increase in population density
(that is, the number of groups in the population) affects both (a) competi-
tion between groups, which is defined as the extent to which like groups
vie for resources such as money, human capital, members, large donors,
and technologies (Haider-Markel 1997); and (b) legitimation, which is de-
fined as the degree to which an organizational form is widely seen as a
socially acceptable “way to organize collectively within some realm of ac-
tivity” (Ranger-Moore, Banaszak-Holl, and Hannan 1991, 38). The second
observation is that legitimation and competition affect founding rates
(that is, the rate at which new groups are formed). 3 Within an organiza-
tional population, “increased density initially enhances a population’s
(constitutive) legitimation, thereby raising its founding rate.” However,
persistent increases in density (again, the number of groups in the popula-
tion) “eventually generate intense competition, which depresses founding
rates” (Carroll and Hannan 2000, 239). Thus, the relationship between
density and the founding rate within an organizational population is
shaped like an inverted U.
To summarize, the theory of density dependence suggests that in a
population of groups (such as transgender interest groups) the founding
rate increases up to a point with population size as legitimation processes
dominate. Beyond a certain point, increases in density lead to heightened
competition between groups. This causes the population to decline.
I tested these theories by utilizing a statistical technique called Poisson
regression (a variation of regression that accounts for truncated data) in
which Number of groups founded per year was my dependent variable
(making year the unit of analysis). I utilized two independent variables to
test political opportunity theory. First, I used James Stimson’s well-known
Policy mood variable, which essentially measures public support for more
government spending or activity, or both, on domestic political issues
(Stimson 2008). Second, I used an original variable called Transgender
laws, which measured the number of jurisdictions in the United States per
year that had laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of gender iden-
tity or expression. I obtained the data for this variable from the Transgen-
der Law and Policy Institute (2007). These variables essentially tested the
notion that the political opportunity structure facing transgender activists
and advocates affected transgender interest group mobilization (as per
Jenkins, Jacobs, and Agnone 2003; Meyer and Minkoff 2004) by testing
the basic POS notion that transgender group foundings increased because
the public became more liberal and more jurisdictions protected trans-
gender people.4 To test density dependence theory, I used two variables—
Density, which was the number of transgender groups in existence at the
start of each year, and Density squared. A positive coefficient on Density
and a negative coefficient on Density squared would support density de-
pendence theory. I also included a variable called Period 2 in the model to
account for other changes in the larger environment in which transgender
groups operated.
My quantitative analysis (the results of which are provided in table 3.1)
provided no support for political opportunity theory, as the coefficient on
neither Policy mood nor Transgender laws in my model was statistically
significant. In short, my results showed that increased policy liberalism
and an increase in the number of jurisdictions protecting transgender
people from discrimination did not drive transgender interest group
population growth from 1986 to 2005, and were not related to population
contraction after 2005. My results did not suggest, in other words, that
transgender interest groups proliferated when they did because the pub-
lic became more liberal, or because the political and institutional features
facing transgender interest groups and advocates became more favorable.
Moreover, the lack of statistically significant POS variables in my models
showed that it also was not the case that a conservative onslaught in the
early 2000s led to recent population contraction. So what does explain
the population trajectory portrayed in figure 3.1? My quantitative analy-
ses provided strong support for the theory of density dependence. In my
models, as table 3.1 shows, the coefficients on Density and Density squared
were statistically significant and in the expected direction. Here is what
that means substantively. As figure 3.1 shows, the number of groups
stayed low for approximately 20 years as the pioneering young groups of
the 1960s struggled to become legitimate concerns and few new groups
were founded. Potential group entrepreneurs possibly did not see the
“transgender interest group” as a viable and legitimate means of collective
action. After 20 years, the survival and relative success of a couple of
groups signaled to other transgender advocates and potential entrepre-
neurs that collective action via the transgender rights interest group was
possible and even desirable. One group after another formed in the 1980s,
and the concept of the “national transgender interest group” became
widely accepted (or “legitimated” in the parlance of organizational schol-
ars) among transgender activists, leaders, and donors. In short, activists
and group entrepreneurs formed new transgender groups, older groups
survived and thrived, and the population grew as legitimation processes
dominated. However, the dynamic changed by the end of the period. In-
deed, the population ceased to grow, and it appears now to be in slight
decline. This is what the theory of density dependence predicts—as the
population grew to a certain size (around 20 transgender groups), exist-
ing groups began to compete with one another for limited resources. Late
in the period under study, competition overtook legitimation as the pri-
mary process affecting the transgender interest group population. As re-
sources required for successful foundings were monopolized by existing
groups, new groups failed to materialize (and a few extant groups went
out of business). The paucity of new foundings has led to population sta-
sis and perhaps even slight decline.
Of course, there may be alternative explanations for the population
trajectory that we see in figure 3.1. It may be the case, for example, that
shifts in public opinion (which I did not consider in my earlier study be-
cause public opinion data for the entire period under study do not to my
knowledge exist) explain the trajectory apparent in figure 3.1. Another
possibility is that rising affluence among citizens as a whole or among
transgender advocates and allies, or both, specifically explain the popula-
tion trajectory. Still another possibility is that attacks from feminists and
conservatives in the late 1980s and 1990s led to an increase in transgender
group foundings (as transgender people felt politically threatened and
gathered together to protect their interests), and a relative dampening of
these attacks (especially from feminists) later in the period led to stasis.
We also cannot discount the possibility that the politicization of an emerg-
ing and distinct transgender identity in the 1980s and 1990s contributed to
the proliferation of groups evident in figure 3.1. In the end, I cannot speak
to other factors that may have affected the population trajectory we see in
figure 3.1. However, my analysis strongly suggests that density dependence
theory, which zeroes in on competition between groups as a key driver of
population dynamics, provides at least part of the explanation for the
trends evident in figure 3.1.
The Role of competition
But these results and those I have published earlier ignore much of the
actual politics of transgender interest group advocacy—that is, the real
world processes by which activists and group entrepreneurs started new
groups and worked to keep them afloat. Moreover, my statistical analyses
failed to account for changes in public opinion on transgender issues, as
well as the leadership of politicians who have championed transgender
rights. In short, I acknowledge that these findings might be a small part of
the explanation for the rise of transgender interest groups and the subse-
quent population stasis. Yet a part of the explanation they likely are.
Why are my findings important? The primary answer is that density
dependence theory in general and my findings in particular draw atten-
tion to the following important point about interest group politics, a point
that many scholars and activists tend to overlook and one that students of
transgender politics and advocacy need to keep in mind: interest groups
often are forced to compete with each other. Importantly, this competition
is not what most people understand as interest group competition. Virtu-
ally everyone realizes that opposing interest groups compete with each
other for policy influence. For example, Handgun Control Inc. competes
with the National Rifle Association for influence on gun-related legisla-
tion, and ExxonMobil and BP compete with the Sierra Club and the Na-
tional Wildlife Federation for influence over environmental legislation.
However, competition also takes place among groups that are on the same
side of an issue. Thus, while the Sierra Club and the National Wildlife
Federation tend to be on the same side in policy battles, they are on op-
posing sides when it comes to attracting resources from the members and
large donors that provide capital to keep them afloat.
Table 3.2 contains a list of nationally active transgender groups in the
United States from 1964 to 2010 (some of which are now defunct). Some
of the groups listed are/were relatively large concerns, while others are/
were small and obscure. In one sense the groups all work(ed) toward the
same goal—the adoption of laws and policies that benefit transgender in-
dividuals. In another sense, however, the groups are/were competing.
Thus, while the Sylvia Rivera Law Project and the National Center for
Transgender Equality may be on the same side in political battles, they are
on opposing sides in the ongoing battle for resources. There is a finite
amount of resources available to transgender interest groups, and a dollar
that goes to the Sylvia Rivera Law Project is a dollar that does not go to the
National Center for Transgender Equality. In short, competition among
transgender interest groups remains a fact of life for transgender activists
and leaders. To understand the past, present, and future of national trans-
gender interest group advocacy, we need to keep this in mind.
Of course, there is strong evidence that groups within the same general
population often work hard to avoid competing with each other. Haider-
Markel (1997, 910–11), for example, shows that LGB groups “avoid direct
competition . . . by sharing available space through adaptation into separate
issue niches.” An issue niche is a narrow issue space that can be likened to
a specialty. Haider-Markel suggests, for example, that a group such as Gay
and Lesbian Parents Coalition International (now known as Family Pride
Coalition) avoids competition with other LGB groups by focusing nar-
rowly on the concerns of LGB parents rather than gay and lesbian and bi-
sexual people per se. Similarly, the Gay and Lesbian Victory Fund operates
as a political action committee (that is, a PAC, which collects money and
donates it to candidates for office) and thus avoids competition with non-
PAC LGB groups that engage in activities unrelated to the electoral process.
Although there is general evidence that groups seek niches to avoid com-
petition (Browne 1990), my data suggest that this sort of adaptive behavior
either has not happened among nationally focused transgender groups or
it has not worked to prevent population stasis. Groups may be working to
avoid competition, but figure 3.1 and my statistical results suggest that com-
petition, which was not operant in the years of population growth in the
late 1980s, the 1990s, and early 2000s, continues to affect the size of the
transgender group population. Part of the reason that stasis has occurred at
such a relatively low level of population density is that the carrying capacity
of the national transgender rights interest group universe is probably rela-
tively small. Compared to other prominent minority groups, there are not
very many trans people in the population (more about this later). Many of
these individuals are also socially and economically marginalized (Grant et
al. 2011). Regardless, the following is very clear: competition matters.
competition and “Adding the T”
In sum, transgender interest groups compete with one another for valu-
able resources. Yet, they also compete with LGB groups that have “added
the T.” In the past decade, a great deal has been written about this phe-
nomenon of “adding the T”—that is, the occurrence of LGB (lesbian, gay,
and bisexual) groups grafting on a “T” (for transgender) to their mission
statements (Armstrong 2002; Devor and Matte 2004; Green 2004). By
2010, virtually every leading LGB interest group in the United States had
“added the T,” thus changing their missions and advertising that they now
worked to advocate on behalf of transgender individuals as well as gay,
lesbian, and bisexual individuals.
Why did LGB groups “add the T?” In line with my previous research
(Nownes 2010), I suspected that density dependence theory was part of the
answer. In the parlance of organizational theory, “adding the T” is called
boundary expansion. Boundary expansion occurs when an organization
attempts to attract a new, previously untapped constituency to recruit as
members and donors. In this case, LGB organizations “adding the T” was
an attempt to serve a new market of constituents—transgender individuals
and their allies. My hypothesis was straightforward—I b elieved that the
variable that would best explain boundary expansion among LGB groups
was the size of the national transgender interest group universe (that is,
transgender interest group density). I based my hypothesis on the notion
that competition and legitimation are key drivers of organizational vital
events (again, a key notion of density dependence theory).
To test this notion empirically, I conducted a small quantitative study
of LGB groups in the United States. To do this, I picked a small quota
sample of 18 nationally active LGB groups in the United States (from a list
of nearly 100; see table 3.3). This quota sample reflects a cross-section of
differently sized LGB groups and it includes prominent organizations like
the Human Rights Campaign. Again, according to density dependence
theory, the number of transgender organizations in the United States will
affect both legitimation and competition. At low levels of density legitima-
tion processes will dominate. Therefore, when the population is small, the
addition of new groups to the population increases the legitimacy of the
organizational form, “transgender interest group.” This increased legiti-
mation will inspire the formation of new transgender rights groups. My
basic hypothesis was that increased legitimation would also encourage
extant LGB organizations to expand their boundaries to serve transgender
individuals. After selecting the 18 groups for my sample, I then deter-
mined if and when each group “added the T.” From here, I conducted a
quantitative analysis in which I sought to determine why each group in
the sample “added the T” when it did. Specifically, I used Cox propor-
tional hazards regression to analyze the life history of each sample group.
Cox regression essentially allowed me to estimate the probability that a
sample LGB group would “add the T” in any given year. The dependent
variable in my model was Added the T, which was coded 0 if the group did
not “add the T” in a given year and 1 if it did. The independent variables of
interest were Transgender density, which was a measure of the number of
transgender groups in existence at the beginning of the year, and Trans-
gender density squared.
My results, which are not fully shown here but are available in my 2009
manuscript (Nownes and Kelly 2009), supported density dependence the-
ory. The coefficients on both Transgender density and Transgender density
squared were significant in numerous models. This means that the likeli-
hood of boundary expansion among LGB groups was profoundly affected
by the size of the transgender interest group population. Specifically, I dis-
covered that the effect of the number of transgender organizations in the
United States on boundary expansion by LGB groups was curvilinear.
That is, as the population of transgender groups increased in size, the
number of LGB groups expanding their boundaries to include transgen-
der concerns grew as well (as legitimation processes dominated). When
the population of transgender groups became relatively large, however,
competition pressures slowed the rate of boundary expansion by LGB or-
ganizations. In short, I found that LGB groups “added the T” just when
transgender advocacy groups proliferated. To make this point graphically,
I added the bottom series in figure 3.1, which shows when groups in my
small sample of LGB organizations “added the T.”
It is certainly worth noting that I found that the likelihood of boundary
expansion was influenced by the political opportunity structure facing LGB
groups. Specifically, I found that the number of LGB groups expanding their
boundaries to include the interests of transgender individuals moved in the
same direction as public policy liberalism and the number of laws protect-
ing transgender people adopted in the United States. I also found that age
mattered—younger organizations were less likely to change than older ones.
Why this occurred is unclear but beyond the scope of this study
Why This Matters: The Future of Transgender Advocacy
To summarize, first I provided a graphical history of the national trans-
gender rights interest group population in the United States. I showed that
the population of transgender interest groups started small (as all interest
group populations do) in the 1960s, stayed small until the mid-1980s, and
then grew substantially until 2005. Since 2005, the population has stabi
lized at a level slightly lower than its peak. Second, and based on my ear-
lier article (Nownes 2010), I argued that this pattern of population growth
and then stasis is explained partially by density dependence theory, a the-
ory that explains interest group population dynamics by emphasizing the
dual processes of legitimation and competition. Competition among
transgender rights interest groups, I noted, continues to be an important
determinant of population size, as such groups, despite possible *niche-
seeking, continue to vie for limited resources. This competition helps to
explain the recent population stasis that I demonstrate in figure 3.1—there
simply are not many new resources that group founders can draw upon to
create new groups. Third, I presented evidence that boundary expansion
among LGB groups in the United States in recent years—that is, “adding
the T”—is also partially explained by density dependence theory. That is,
LGB groups “added the T” just as transgender groups proliferated and
transgender advocacy became “legitimate,” in effect entering a “new mar-
ket” created by thriving transgender rights interest groups. Boundary ex-
pansion has slowed as competition processes have come to dominate.5
In general, my empirical studies show that national transgender advo-
cacy is alive and well in the United States. Given the number of “stand
alone” and fully inclusive LGBT groups, national representation of trans-
gender interests is as extensive as it has been at any time in U.S. history.
However, there is more to what I have presented here than a rosy picture
of a relatively sizeable and robust population of groups that address trans-
gender rights. A more careful look at my empirical findings reveals a num-
ber of difficulties that transgender advocates, allies, and activists face go-
ing forward—difficulties I refer to collectively as the challenges of
transgender advocacy in the new century. In the rest of this chapter, I will
highlight some of these challenges. In doing so I will address the following
question: What does the future hold for transgender rights interest groups?
I will address this question through the lens of theories of organizational
development, social movement development, political participation, and
public opinion
Population Stasis
Figure 3.1 clearly shows that the national transgender rights interest group
population has ceased to grow. In fact, it has contracted a bit in recent
years. Thus, one of the primary challenges facing transgender advocates is
interest group population stasis. It is not necessarily the case that mor
groups are better than fewer groups. If existing groups are growing, then
the lack of new groups does not present a serious problem to supporters of
transgender rights. However, all things being equal, more groups are bet-
ter than fewer groups. Clearly, for example, the large size of the LGB inter-
est group universe has contributed to some of the victories that these
groups have won in the last two decades. Thus, population stasis repre-
sents a challenge to transgender advocates and allies.
Population stasis is reversible. Organizational theorists have found that
population resurgence does occur. In other words, it is not the case that
once a population reaches a point of stasis it inevitably contracts or stays
the same size. What factors can lead to population resurgence? In general,
the answer appears to be changes in environmental conditions (Carroll
and Hannan 2000, 239–40). Most of the research on population resur-
gence focuses on business firms and comes from business schools and
sociologists. Thus, it has little to say about what sorts of changes in envi-
ronmental conditions may lead to a resurgence of the transgender interest
group population. However, there is a small body of political science re-
search that speaks to what sorts of changes might spur new growth in the
population of these groups.
One such change is the election of more transgender people to public
office. Over the years, transgender interest groups and advocates have fo-
cused a great deal of their energy on policy. This, of course, makes sense.
However, population resurgence is unlikely to occur without more elec-
toral activity by these groups. I base this conclusion on the fact that de-
scriptive representation can spur people to political and collective action.
Haider-Markel (2010, 13) notes that “Atkeson (2003) and Wolbrecht and
Campbell (2007) . . . report that increased female representation is associ-
ated with increases in female political participation, especially among
young women.” Haider-Markel (13) also notes that Barreto (2007) shows
that “the presence of Latino candidates [on the ballot] increased mobiliza-
tion among Latinos” and that “Banducci, Donovan, and Karp (2004) find
that increasing descriptive representation in legislature [sic] tends to in-
crease minority group political participation.” Together, these studies im-
ply that more transgender people running for and winning elective office
may increase political participation among transgender people, which
may lead to population resurgence, as more transgender people and their
allies form new groups.
Public data sources suggest there is only one openly transgender per-
son serving in elected office in the United States—Stu Rasmussen, the
mayor of Silverton, Oregon (Wilson 2008). Another transgender person,
Stacie Laughton, was elected to the state legislature in New Hampshire in
2012. However, she resigned before taking office when questions were
raised as to whether it would be legally permissible for her to serve given
a previous felony fraud conviction (Rios 2012). There may be more, and
several transgender candidates have run for office in recent years. Even if
that estimate is off, there is no question that transgender people largely are
absent from electoral politics in the United States. Of course, even if every
transgender person in the United States joined a transgender interest
group, the number and size of these groups would remain small. This is
the case because, compared to other minority groups, there simply are not
very many transgender people in the country. The best data we have sug-
gest that only 0.3 percent of American adults are transgender (Gates 2011).
However, this does not represent an insignificant number of people, and if
transgender advocates want their organizations to thrive they need to
reach more of them.
For a truly expansive movement and population resurgence to take
hold, however, transgender advocates must reach nontransgender allies. Is
this possible? Research suggests that the answer is “yes,” and that increased
electoral participation and success may help. Studies in the same vein as
those I mention above show not only that descriptive representation can
increase participation among those being represented but also that it can
recruit supporters and spur them to action. Of particular note here is the
work of Zoltan Hajnal (2007). He found that increases in African Ameri-
can officeholders often lead to increases in support for policies that benefit
African Americans among white Democratic voters. If we extrapolate
these findings, it seems likely that increases in transgender officeholders
will lead to increased sympathy for policies that benefit transgender peo-
ple. This may lead to a new pool of supporters that could serve as donors
to and members of transgender groups.
Another possible spur to transgender interest group population resur-
gence is an increase in public support for transgender rights. There has
been little research on public opinion regarding transgender rights, and
thus we know little about how much public support there is for such rights.
However, it seems clear, that increased public support for transgender
rights, no matter what the level of current public support, would create a
more favorable climate for the formation of new transgender rights inter-
est groups as well as the growth of extant groups. Because studies consis-
tently show that framing can affect public opinion (Gamson and Modigli-
ani 1989; Page and Shapiro 1992; Zaller 1992), population resurgence is
partially dependent on the ability of transgender group leaders and activ
ists to use “issue frames” successfully to gain public support. Constructing
an “issue frame” means building an “interpretive schemata that simplifies
and condenses the ‘world out there’ by selectively punctuating and encod-
ing objects, situations, events, experiences, and sequences of action within
one’s present or past environment” (Snow and Benford 1992, 137). On both
sides of the abortion debate, for example, groups have tried to frame the
issue to their advantage—one side by framing the issue as one of choice vs.
government restriction, and the other by framing the issue as one of life
vs. death.
What might a successful transgender rights issue frame look like? For
now, it will suffice to say that a successful frame would appeal to widely held
values such as, perhaps, self-expression and personal choice. Several interest
group studies, including Kollman (1998) and West and Loomis (1998), note
that interest groups can alter public opinion through “outside lobbying,” or
directly trying to influence the public through rallies, education, and other
means. Outside lobbying that bases demands for transgender rights on
these widely held values may contribute to population resurgence.
Backlash
The population stasis evident in figure 3.1 is due partially to competition
between groups. Yet, backlash may be playing a role as well. This is an-
other challenge facing transgender advocates and activists. Systematic
empirical evidence of a “transgender backlash” is lacking, as no one has
explored the issue in depth. However, there is reason to believe that a con-
certed effort by conservative forces to “fight back” against the increasing
demands and increased visibility of transgender individuals is well under
way. Anecdotal evidence of this backlash includes the American Family
Association’s threatened boycott of Dancing with the Stars when Chaz
Bono was announced as a contestant in 2011. Additionally, groups such as
Focus on the Family have adopted explicit positions against “transgender-
ism” (Focus on the Family 2012). There is also extensive media “trolling”
by conservative activists any time anything positive or neutral is written
about transgender people (Park 2011). Collectively, these instances and
others suggest that a backlash is in full swing. Moreover, studies of other
societal groups demonstrate that backlash is a common phenomenon
when long-oppressed groups demand equality and begin successfully to
defend their political and social prerogatives. For example, Haider-Markel
(2010, 19–21) shows that after LGB gains in the 1970s, the 1980s were 
rough period for the movement, as Ronald Reagan ascended to the presi-
dency, conservative religious groups flourished, and arch-conservatives
such as Jesse Helms held unparalleled sway on “family values” issues in
Congress.
Similarly, electoral and social gains by feminists in the 1960s and 1970s
led to the well-known feminist backlash of the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s
(Faludi 1991; Thomas 1994). Furthermore, the gains of civil rights activists
in the 1950s and 1960s led to staunch resistance by racist white policymak-
ers, “white flight” from inner cities, demonstrations against busing, and
widespread white resentment of beneficiaries of affirmative action. In
short, we probably are in a period of transgender backlash, and if we are
not, we can certainly expect backlash against transgender advocates as
they assert themselves and win policy battles.
It seems unlikely that population resurgence will occur as long as this
backlash continues. However, transgender groups and their allies are
hardly helpless in the face of this backlash. To make this point, I will say a
few words about research on media and homosexuality. Numerous studies
show that media images have a profound impact on the way people view
gay people. For example, Levina, Waldo, and Fitzgerald (2000) found in
an experimental study that viewers who watch a “pro-gay” segment on
television emerge with more positive attitudes toward gay people than do
viewers who watch an “anti-gay” segment. Several other studies reach
similar conclusions—positive portrayals of gay individuals lead to posi-
tive attitudes about gay people (see, for example, Mazur and Emmers-
Sommer 2002; Riggle, Ellis, and Crawford 1996). These studies are rele-
vant here because they show that the media can be used to blunt backlash.
In the LGB group population, GLAAD (Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against
Defamation) works to promote positive images of sexual minorities in the
media. In the United Kingdom, there is a transgender group analogue to
GLAAD called Trans Media Watch. Such a trans-focused group, as far as
I can tell, is lacking in the United States. Willow Arune (2006) notes that
media portrayals of transgender people tend to be sensationalistic; in fact,
Arune believes that any story becomes noteworthy if it contains a trans-
gender element. Arune notes, for example, that a run-of-the-mill child
custody case would never be covered by the media, but if one of the par-
ents is transgender, the case gets media attention. In sum, Arune con-
cludes that media are attracted to transgender stories because they are
salacious. This makes the job of transgender advocates harder, as it sug-
gests that media will ignore stories of transgender people being and acting
“normal.” Yet, it is precisely stories like this—stories that highlight trans
gender individuals not as curiosities but as “ordinary people,” as well as
positive fictional media portrayals of transgender people—that may help
improve public perceptions of transgender people.
The Rise of LGB and T Interest Groups
Another challenge facing transgender advocates is the rise of LGB and T
groups. As I mention above, virtually every major (and minor) LGB advo-
cacy group in the United States has “added the T.” In fact, even GLAAD
has added the T to its mission and it has added transgender board mem-
bers (GLAAD 2012). Many activists and scholars view this as a positive
development because some LGB advocacy groups have more resources,
large national memberships, and much higher media and public profiles
than do transgender interest groups. However, there are reasons to ques-
tion whether “adding the T” is completely good for transgender groups
and their allies. Over the years, and as noted in this volume’s chapter on
advocacy coalitions, the relationship between transgender activists and
LGB groups has sometimes been a rocky one. For example, in the early
and mid-1970s, New York’s pioneering groups Gay Liberation Front and
Gay Activists Alliance essentially booted transgender people from their
ranks to appear more mainstream (Alexander and Yescavage 2004, 40).
Things got even dicier in 1979 when lesbian academic Janice Raymond
published The Transsexual Empire, in which she called transgender people
reactionaries and other less charitable things. Additionally, many trans-
gender advocates, including Pat Califia, consider the otherwise well-
regarded pioneering volume Gay American History (Katz 1976) as trans-
phobic because it avoids calling anyone transgender or transsexual, and
virtually denies the possibility that a person might change his or her gen-
der (Califia 2003). In more recent decades, high-profile LGB leaders in-
cluding Steve Endean (who helped found the Human Rights Campaign),
Elizabeth Birch (an HRC executive in the 1990s), and Representative Bar-
ney Frank have shown a willingness to sacrifice legal protection for trans-
gender people if it leads to protection for gays and lesbians. In sum, his-
tory suggests that trusting LGB leaders to advocate on behalf of
transgender people is a risky proposition. In short, there is, and tradition-
ally has been, tension between LGB groups and activists and transgender
groups and activists.
Of course, today’s LGBT leaders assert that any animosity between
LGB activists and groups and transgender activists and groups are relics of
the past. Even if this is the case, there are good reasons to view “adding the
T” as something to be somewhat cautious about for transgender groups
and advocates. In her landmark book on the activities of interest groups
advocating for civil rights, economic justice, and women’s rights, political
scientist Dara Strolovitch (2007) notes that within specific interest groups
not all individuals and groups are created equal; she shows that “intersec-
tionally disadvantaged” subgroups within interest groups receive less at-
tention and are given lower priority by group leaders than intersectionally
advantaged subgroups. For example, mainstream civil rights groups ele-
vate the interests of well-to-do ethnic or racial minorities over those of the
poor by focusing on affirmative action rather than on welfare or public
housing. Similarly, labor unions tend to focus on the issue of white-collar
unionization (thus elevating the interests of white male union members)
rather than job discrimination against women and minorities. In short,
Strolovitch’s findings indicate that interest groups, especially interest
groups with wide portfolios of issues, focus on issues that are of most in-
terest to the advantaged subgroups within them.
Strolovitch’s findings have implications for transgender advocates.
Specifically, they suggest (but certainly do not prove) that LGBT groups,
like the groups in Strolovitch’s study, may focus more on issues of interest
to advantaged subgroups within them—for example, affluent, white, gay
men—than they do on issues pertinent to the transgender community. On
a more general level, Strolovitch’s research shows that groups have to focus
their finite resources and energy somewhere. There is little reason to be-
lieve that LGBT groups will elevate transgender issues to the top of their
agendas any time soon (e.g., Minter 2006).
How transgender advocates will react to this challenge is not clear. Yet
there is reason to believe that many activists will work hard to avoid be-
coming just another letter in the alphabet. One thing is clear, however, and
it is that “adding the T” is not by definition good for the fortunes of stand-
alone transgender interest groups. Transgender group leaders obviously
will continue to work with LGBT groups, but they will, in my opinion,
remain wary.
conclusion
I began this chapter with descriptions of two studies—one that I con-
ducted on nationally active transgender interest groups and another one
on LGB groups “adding the T.” I conducted these studies for two reasons
First, I wanted to contribute to our substantive knowledge of transgender
interest group representation in the United States. Second, and perhaps
more important for our purposes, I wanted to test general theories of in-
terest group development against data on transgender rights interest
groups. In both of the studies, I found strong support for density depen-
dence theory. This theory has been used for decades to explain the trajec-
tory of organizational populations, especially populations of business
firms. The theory has recently gained a foothold within political science,
and my results provide further support for it. Density dependence theory
ascribes special significance to interest group competition—that is, com-
petition among like groups for finite resources. This sort of competition is
a fact of life for transgender interest groups, and it may be the most impor-
tant factor in determining the future of transgender interest group advo-
cacy in the United States.
My portrait of transgender advocacy in the United States shows a
group population in stasis due partially to competition among transgen-
der interest groups, and competition between transgender groups and
LGB groups, over scarce resources. Population stasis and the rise of LGBT
groups are core challenges facing transgender advocates, activists, and al-
lies. In the second half of this chapter, I described what research from
political science and sociology has taught us about how we might expect
transgender advocates to respond to these challenges, and what we might
expect for transgender interest group representation in future years. Re-
search suggests that population stasis is not irreversible. Indeed, scholar-
ship on LGB and ethnic minority representation suggests that this stasis
may be reversed if transgender advocates become more involved in elec-
toral politics and frame their issue preferences in ways that recruit non-
transgender people to the cause.
Other challenges facing the transgender interest group system include
backlash and the rise of multi-issue LGBT groups. Research on public
opinion suggests that backlash could be blunted by positive media repre-
sentations of transgender people. With respect to the rise of LGBT groups,
there is no question that it has brought some much-needed resources, en-
ergy, and attention to the fight for transgender rights. However, recent
work by Dara Strolovitch should serve as a cautionary tale; in large, multi-
issue groups, somebody takes the proverbial backseat. History suggests
that for LGBT groups, it may be transgender rights that are lowest on the
priority list for LGBT groups. For this reason, I suggest that transgender
advocates make certain that there are always enough stand-alone trans-
gender rights interest groups to fight policy battles.
One question that I have not addressed here is how my findings relate
to issues of identity politics. The proliferation of transgender interest
groups in the 1980s and 1990s may well have been spurred by the emer-
gence of a distinct transgender identity. It may well be the case, though I
cannot say for certain, that just as the earliest LGB activists had to “go
public” with their sexual orientation to get LGB issues on the political
agenda in the 1950s and 1960s, transgender advocates had to “come out” as
transgender in the 1980s and 1990s to gain political traction. This explana-
tion for transgender interest group proliferation certainly is plausible. If
identity politics did indeed play a significant role in the growth of the
transgender interest group sector, we can expect ongoing battles between
those transgender activists working to ensure the acceptance of transgen-
der people in mainstream culture and politics and those who wish to
maintain an “arm’s distance” from the mainstream. This intermovement
struggle may represent yet another challenge to the future of transgender
advocacy in the United States.
In the end, this chapter demonstrates that the study of transgender
politics is not just for scholars and students with a substantive interest in
the topic. Theories from political science and related disciplines can help
us explain both why the transgender interest group population developed
the way that it did and what we might expect from transgender rights in-
terest group representation in the future.

Currently, the sanitation needs of the transgender community are addressed on the assumption that the community is a homogeneous group, and that public toilets earmarked for them address their total sanitation requirements. However, designing transgender-inclusive sanitation requires a deeper examination of the role of caste, gender, and age within the transgender community.
India has made important strides in improving access to toilets for households and communities in the past few decades. There has been an increasing recognition that effective sanitation for all needs to reflect the requirements of not only women and girls, but also, disabled, elderly and transgender persons (FANSA and WSSCC 2016). In recent years, the discrimination and violence faced by transgender persons have slowly been recognised outside of academic circles. However, the inclusiveness of the policies and their implementation remain low, and more needs to be done in terms of research and actual application. There have been incremental increases in the legal recognition of the need to provide transgender persons with legal rights to access public infrastructures, education, housing, etc. The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Bill, 2016, provides visibility to transgender persons and their legal rights. However, it has also been argued that the bill dilutes the rights-based framework (Jos 2017). As an outcome, transgender persons in India currently live under a legal, policy, and social framework where they are recognised, but have not been fully integrated into society. As a consequence of the underlying discrimination against the transgender community, toilets remain as sites of social exclusion and violence in their day-to-day lives.
An India-level study on inclusive sanitation-by the Freshwater Action Network South Asia and the Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council-reports the daily struggles and often difficult coping mechanisms that transgender persons apply to manage their daily sanitation needs. For example, transgender persons are exposed to sexual harassment and violence if they use the men's toilets and are unwelcome in both women and men's toilets as "it is widely believed that they are seeking sex work when they visit the toilets" (FANSA and WSSCC 2016: 26). This leaves them with few options and many of them continue to practice open defecation, or wait to find a safe time to use the toilets.
In states like Tamil Nadu and Mizoram, there are instances of the transgender community's sanitation needs and concerns being recognised and translated into some form of public toilets. However, these exercises have been exceptions and not a commonplace practice. Currently, the transgender community faces dangers of infection, violence, humiliation, and corruption in their daily lives as they manage their sanitation needs. There is a need to also understand the complexities of gender, age, and caste, which further complicate transgender sanitation needs. Moreover, merely technical solutions as a response to the sanitation needs of transgender persons may at best, partially meet their needs, and can have unintended and even harmful consequences to transgender persons.
Moving beyond Gender
As per the 2011 Census, there are 4.88 lakh transgender persons in India and over 55,000 children under the ages of six who are identified as transgender. However, as Sawant (2017) points out, "the data have been primarily linked to the males' section as they are usually counted as men, but on request, they may be counted as women." Thus, the census data under-represents the total transgender population in India across all age groups. Such underre-presentation of transgender persons also implies that the numbers and distribution of transgender-friendly toilets will be inadequate. Under the Swachh Bharat Mission (SBA), a total of 1,04,802 toilet seats in community toilets have been built and another 1,29,809 toilet seats are under construction (Data.gov.in 2018). While the data on how many of these seats are designed for transgender persons are not easily decipherable, a simple internet search of public toilets in India for transgender persons reveals that such toilets continue to be a rare exception. For example, the Government of Manipur along with non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and leaders from the transgender community came together as a part of a larger initiative towards economic and social inclusion of transgender persons into the mainstream society. As a part of the initiative, the Manipur government has introduced separate toilets for transgender persons during various festivals and in some parts of Imphal, a step that was appreciated by the transgender community. However, these toilets have not addressed the issue of their safety and dignity (Pebam 2018).
While increasing the number of transgender-friendly toilets can help transgender persons in their daily lives, they may not meet all their sanitation needs. The transgender community is frequently presented or discussed as a homogeneous community that has more or less uniform needs from the public and community sanitation systems. In reality, transgender communities are heterogeneous along the caste, age, and gender axes; all or some combination of these can determine a transgender person's access to public sanitation.
The discussion about the transgender community in India centres largely on adult transgender persons. The sanitation needs of young adults and children have had a limited discussion in both policy and academics. A 2018 Firstpost article illustrates the challenges young transgender persons face:
I started using the school restroom only after 7th grade. I would either hold it in or make sure that I was the only person in there as it was very embarrassing to use the restrooms assigned to females. (Manral 2018)
Therefore, to design inclusive sanitation, recognition of the sanitation needs of adolescents and minors who identify as transgender is necessary. This requires a rethinking of not only public toilets but also toilets in schools and colleges (Watkins and Moreno 2017; Boyce et al 2018).
Apart from age as a crucial axis on which the design of public sanitation services is based, there is a need to re-examine the role of caste within the transgender community. In 2014, the Supreme Court added transgender persons to the Other Backward Class (OBC) category, giving them a visible homogeneous caste dimension (Goel 2018). An inquiry into the role of caste within the transgender community has been limited or missing in both academia and policy. However, in their daily lives, caste continues to play an important role. Transgender persons from disadvantaged caste communities, for example, may find it more challenging to raise funds or resources as compared to their upper-caste counterparts. The caste hierarchy can also determine who interacts with policymakers and whose interests are represented in sanitation-related decisions (Goel 2018).
Transgender persons encounter everyday transphobia, including while using public toilets. To be identified as a transgender person can be undesirable and even dangerous in public spaces. Mitigating transphobia in daily lives also puts a premium on the ability to "pass"1 as a person of the gender they identify with (Schilt and Westbrook 2009; Wynn 2018, 2019; Manral 2018). Persons who can be identified as transgender can face higher risks of violence and harassment when they use public toilets. Moreover, the definition of transgender sanitation requires to expand and include the needs of transgender persons who menstruate, are disabled, or are post-operative. For example, countries in the West such as the United Kingdom now use the term "menstruator" to indicate that other genders and not just women menstruate. In India, menstrual hygiene or even childcare is rarely bought up while designing sanitation solutions for the transgender community-indicating the scope of the knowledge gap between what transgender persons need and what is being offered through the sanitation programmes.
The Way Forward
While important strides are being made in the right direction, there is a need to recognise that "adding" transgender to sanitation may lead to a similar fate as adding women to sanitation. It is well established that despite the enormous investments in household and community toilets, women and girls continue to bear the burden of poor or missing sanitation facilities. To really achieve sustainable and safe sanitation, there is a need to examine, more deeply, the obvious and the nuanced barriers to safe sanitation for transgender persons. Toilets, either earmarked for transgender persons, or gender-neutral toilets, satisfy some of the basic needs of the transgender community but can leave them exposed to violence and harassment. This violence and harassment experienced by them while using toilets is an extension of the violence they face in other spheres of their everyday lives. Therefore, to have transgender-inclusive sanitation, it is essential to recognise the need for tackling transphobia through policy, law, employment, and social integration. Manipur can serve as an example of how to initiate such dialogues and how sanitation can function as a starting point into these discussions.
The first step is to recognise that this community is not a homogeneous group and there are significant dynamics along the caste, age, and other axes. Technical solutions can only meet their sanitation needs partly. For example, although the central government allowed transgender persons to use the restrooms of their choice (male or female) in public and community toilets, this move may not automatically ensure safety from violence. Transgender persons have reported facing verbal and physical violence while using both, the female and male toilets. Moreover, having a toilet that explicitly broadcasts a transgender person's identity to others may not be desirable to all transgender persons, as the underlying transphobia can make them vulnerable to violence. All transgender experiences are not the same and, therefore, the design of the public toilets needs to provide enough scope for privacy and anonymity to those who do not wish to single out their identity. Therefore, a one-size-fits-all "toilet for third gender" or sharing toilets with women, will not automatically lead to transgender-inclusive sanitation. The next step is to acknowledge that transgender persons have varying sanitation needs at different stages of their lives, and school- and college-level transgender-inclusive sanitation can be crucial during their formative years. While speaking to children might be challenging, it is possible to speak with adult transgender persons to collect retrospect insights into transgender children's needs. Finally, there is a need to expand the meaning of sanitation for transgender persons to include menstrual hygiene and reproductive care. In short, transgender-inclusive sanitation requires a deeper understanding of their social, cultural, biological needs through various life stages. 

This report presents information on public opinion about transgender people and their rights in
South Korea. We analyzed data from The Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey, South
Korea panel to provide information on views toward transgender people, their rights, and their status
in society. This report:
• describes attitudes toward transgender people and their rights and status in society,
• investigates associations between individual-level participant characteristics and public opinion,
and,
•
Previous surveys of South Korean adults have indicated that public opinion about lesbian and gay
people is much more negative compared with public opinion about other minority groups, such
as migrant workers and North Korean defectors.1 Public attitudes toward transgender people may
be similar to attitudes toward lesbian and gay people. However, no research has been conducted
on public opinion regarding transgender people and their rights in South Korea. Research in
other countries has found that factors such as individuals’ contact with transgender people, as
transgender rights. 2 However, the available literature is sparse, and additional research is needed,
particularly research utilizing representative samples from the general population, to build a better
understanding of attitudes towards transgender people and their rights.
Public discourse about transgender population in South Korea grew dramatically at the beginning
of the 21st century. This was due, in part, to coverage by the Korean media in 2001 of a celebrity
named Risu Ha who came out as a transgender woman in a national commercial. The focus on Risu
Ha sparked attention towards transgender people in South Korea.3 Since that time, the public has
become more familiar with the term transgender
transgender rights movement has become increasingly organized.4 Portrayals of transgender people
in the media have largely been limited to stereotypes of transgender women that do not accurately
is included as a protected class in the anti-discrimination clause of the National Human Rights
Commission Act.
the National Human Rights Commission of Korea has interpreted the prohibition of discrimination
transgender people.5, 6, 7
sterilization, being 19 years old or older, not being married, and other requirements.8 Though there
limited in South Korea
Regarding family formation, transgender people may marry a person of the opposite gender but
only after their gender change has been legally recognized, and while the Constitution does not
whether transgender (or cisgender) people can marry a person of the same gender.10 Despite the
marriages in South Korea.11 In addition, there are no laws regarding whether transgender people are
allowed to conceive or give birth, nor whether they can adopt.12
to transgender women and men. 13 Transgender men, even those whose gender transition has been
that of cisgender men. 14 Transgender women whose gender transition has been legally recognized
undergone a legal gender reassignment recognition process 15 due to the strict requirements for such
a legal recognition.16
through a diagnosis of “[severe] gender identity disorder.”17
This report analyzed data gathered for the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey
about participants’ familiarity with transgender people,18 as well as attitudes toward transgender
people, their rights, and their status in society from online panel assembled by Ipsos. The South
Korean population ages 16 to 64.19
The analytic sample included 500 participants. Below we present weighted percentages and 95%
familiarity with transgender people, and attitudes toward transgender people and related public
policies. We conducted weighted multinomial logistic regression analyses to determine whether
people, were associated with dependent variables, such as attitudes toward transgender people,
as transgender because the group was too small to generate reliable estimates for transgender
In our analyses, we used Stata 14 and 15. Ipsos provided survey weights which allowed results to be
adjusted to be representative of individuals in South Korea ages 16 to 64. The UCLA North General
II, Ipsos Methodology Addendum for Single Country Briefs.
Among these survey participants, similar percentages were male (50.6%) and female (49.4%) (Table 1).
Younger participants (ages 16 to 34) made up 38.2% of the sample; 40.1% of participants were between the
The majority of participants (76.1%) reported having graduated university or graduate school. About half
of participants reported a high monthly household income of more than four million KRW (50.2%). An
additional 37.1% of participants reported a medium level of household income (2 to 3.99 million KRW) and
12.7% reported a household income of less than 2 million KRW. About half of participants were married
(54.5%). Lastly, the majority of participants from Korea were currently employed (80.4%).
Almost half of the participants reported having seen transgender people before, but not knowing
them personally (46.7%), and about one-third (37.2%) reported rarely or never encountering
transgender acquaintances, and 3.2% reported having personal friends or family members who are
Some participants (5.9%) reported “don’t know” in response to this question.20
Figure 1. Familiarity with transgender people among panel participants (N=500
ATTITUDES TOWARD THE RIGHTS OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
When we assessed attitudes directly, more than half of participants (59.1%) agreed that transgender
people should be allowed to have surgery so their body matches their identity, and over half (56.9%)
agreed that transgender people should be protected from discrimination (Figure 2). In addition, a
greater number of participants agreed that transgender people should be allowed to serve in the
military (45.2% vs. 36.3%) and to conceive or give birth to children (44.9% vs. 40.7%) than disagreed
with these statements. The percentages of participants who agreed and disagreed that transgender
people should be allowed to adopt children (42.5% vs. 43.6%, respectively) were similar. A somewhat
greater percentage of participants disagreed that transgender people should be allowed to marry a
(54.2% vs. 29.3%, respectively) that transgender people should be allowed to use the restroom of
Across the seven items, between 9.1% and 18.6% of participants
indicated a response of “don’t know.”
Figure 2. Attitudes toward the rights of transgender people among panel participants (N=500)
those ages 50-64. Participants ages 35-49 were less likely to agree that transgender people should be
Participant’s familiarity with transgender people, education level, and household income were not
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE 23
In general, pluralities of participants held positive attitudes toward transgender people. A greater
percentage of participants agreed than disagreed that transgender people are a natural occurrence
(47.6% vs. 36.5%, respectively) and are brave (47.9% vs. 38.8%). Only minorities of participants agreed
that transgender people are committing a sin (13.4%), have a form of mental illness (25.3%) or
physical disability (32.7%). of participants selected a
“don’t know” response.
Public Opinion of Transgender Rights in South Korea | 8
group to agree that transgender people are brave.
Participants who had a high level of education were more likely than those with low and medium
3.99]).
Compared to participants with a low level of household income, participants with a high level of
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE IN SOCIETY
A greater percentage of participants agreed that South Korea is becoming more tolerant toward
transgender people (43.9% vs. 43.6%) and want South Korea to do more to support and protect
transgender people (44.2% vs. 40.6%) than disagreed (Figure 4). More participants disagreed
people (45.2% vs. 38.6%); transgender people are violating the traditions of their culture (55.9% vs.
though they born another (54.6% vs. 22.9%). More than half (53.8%) of participants disagreed that
participants indicated a response of “don’t know.
Public Opinion of Transgender Rights in South Korea | 10
DISCUSSION
discrimination, and the right to serve in the military. Public support was lower for the right to adopt
the Ipsos poll and may not yet have formed an opinion about transgender people or their rights.
Attitudes toward transgender people varied. While majorities agreed that transgender people do not
have a form of physical disability or mental illness, disagreed that transgender people are violating
people, notable minorities indicated opposing perspectives. It is worth noting that the majority did
not consider transgender people to have a mental illness, though there are still diagnoses related
24 Women
their rights on many issues, which is consistent with previous literature on public opinion about
transgender rights. 25
transgender people, which is consistent with prior research.26, 27 People who reported knowing a
transgender person were also more likely to view transgender people as having a form of mental
illness or committing a sin, compared to those people who reported not knowing a transgender
the KCD7.28
forms, perpetuates a narrative of transgender people based on stereotypical views of such individuals
transition.29 Individuals who are more familiar with transgender people may be more aware of and
to view being transgender as a sin, compared to those with a low level of household income. Prior
research in the US and South Korea showed an association between religiosity and political ideology
30,31, 32 However,
the Ipsos Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People Survey did not include measures of political
varied by familiarity with transgender respondents or by household income.
This report helps set a baseline for future research on public opinion about transgender people and
their rights and status in South Korean society. Further research is needed that includes measures
of political ideology and religiosity. Future research should build upon this study by employing
probability sampling and using measures that have been cognitively tested with South Korean adults
Toward Transgender People Survey selected “don’t know” in response to statements indicating
attitudes towards transgender people and their rights. This may suggest that many adults have yet
to form an opinion about the topics assessed. As the public gains familiarity with diverse transgender
people through media representation and public debate about transgender rights, such as regardin

This research brief offers analyses from several data
sources to estimate the number of transgender
individuals who have served in the US armed forces,
including the number who are likely on active duty
or serving in the Guard or Reserve forces, and the
number who are veterans or retired from Guard or
Reserve service.
On September 20, 2011, the military policy known as
ended, allowing gay,
lesbian, and bisexual service members to serve
openly. Yet, military medical policies still exclude
transgender people from serving openly in the US
armed forces. 1 These medical policies lay out
exclusions for what are deemed to be
cross-dressing,
or a history of gender transition. 2 Therefore,
transgender individuals who wish to join the US
armed forces are prohibited from doing so if their
transgender status is known. Furthermore, those
already serving can be medically discharged if
suspected of being transgender.
Our estimates suggest that approximately 15,500
transgender individuals are serving on active duty or
in the Guard or Reserve forces. We also estimate
that there are an estimated 134,300 transgender
individuals who are veterans or are retired from
Guard or Reserve service (see Figure 1)
he primary data source for the estimates of
transgender military service is the National
Transgender Discrimination Survey (NTDS), which
was conducted by the National Gay and Lesbian
Task Force and the National Center for Transgender
Equality. 3 This 70-item survey was distributed in
cooperation with over 900 organizations across the
United States and also was announced through
listservs and online communities. It was made
available both online and on paper in English and
Spanish. The survey was fielded over six months
beginning in fall 2008 and resulted in 6,546 valid
responses, which is the largest sample of
transgender people in the US to date. 4 Respondents
answered questions about a broad array of topics,
including whether they had served in the US armed
forces in the following quest
Have you ever been a member of the armed forces?
Yes
No
I was denied entry because I am
transgender/gender non-conforming
As a purposive sample of transgender adults in the
US, estimates derived directly from the NTDS could
be biased if the true demographic characteristics of
the transgender population differ from the
characteristics of transgender respondents to the
survey. For example, relative to the US population,
NTDS respondents are younger and report higher
levels of education. Both factors would be associated
with lower levels of lifetime military service. Given
the lack of demographic data on the transgender
population derived from population-based sources,
it is not possible to determine if the age and
educational attainment levels of NTDS respondents
are different from the general US population because
younger and more educated transgender individuals
were more likely than others to have completed the
survey (known as selection bias) or if transgender
individuals are, in fact, younger and more likely to
have higher levels of education compared to the
general population. 5
More than 93% of NTDS respondents provided
information using an online web-based survey.
Samples from online surveys are often biased toward
more educated respondents. Reisner and colleagues
(2014) found that NTDS respondents who used
paper survey forms tended to report lower income
and educational levels. 6 It is possible that the web-
based approach of the NTDS contributed to selection
bias toward higher education, which would result in
a bias toward lower military service.
To address these possible biases, the estimates of
military service among the transgender population
in these analyses adjust the characteristics of NTDS
respondents such that they have the age and
educational attainment patterns of the US
population. Military service rates also differ by race
and ethnicity. Unfortunately, the race and ethnicity
categories used in the NTDS are not consistent with
those used in Census Bureau surveys. Educational
attainment, like race and ethnicity, captures some of
the variation in socio-economic status which may
contribute to differences in military service rates.
This adjustment effectively assumes that being
transgender is not associated with age or educational
attainment. It also leads to estimates of military
service rates for the transgender population that are
slightly higher than the unadjusted calculations from
the NTDS, which includes younger and more
educated individuals who are less likely to report
military service than older or less educated
individuals. Alternatively, if the NTDS age and
educational patterns are actually reflective of the
transgender population in the US, then the
adjustment procedure would produce estimates of
transgender military service that may be higher than
true military service rates among transgender
individuals.
Population age and educational attainment data are
2011 American Community Survey.
The estimation procedure also assumes that NTDS
respondents who report that they were assigned
male at birth share the age and educational
attainment patterns of the adult male population in
the US while NTDS respondents that were assigned
female at birth share the patterns of the adult female
population. We make this assumption and report
differences based on the sex assigned at birth
because it is likely that most transgender veterans
and service members would have entered and served
in the military according to their sex assigned at
birth. Estimates for the total number of transgender
individuals who are currently or have ever served in
the military are derived separately for those assigned
male at birth (approximately 60% of the total NTDS
sample) and those assigned female at birth
(approximately 40% of the total NTDS sample).
Men are substantially more likely than women to
serve in the US military. The estimates of
transgender military service assume that, consistent
with findings from the NTDS, approximately 60% of
the transgender population was assigned male at
birth while 40% was assigned female at birth. If, in
fact, the transgender population is comprised of a
larger portion of individuals assigned male at birth,
then the estimation procedure likely understates
transgender military service. Conversely, if those
assigned female at birth are actually a larger
proportion of the transgender population, then the
estimation procedure may overstate transgender
military service.
The estimation begins by calculating the percent of
NTDS respondents who report military service by
their age and educational attainment status.
Respondents are separated into five age categories
and five educational attainment categories as
follows:
Age (a)
o 18-24
o 25-44
o 45-54
o 55-64
o 65 and older
Education (e)
o Less than high school
o High school diploma
o Some college
o College degree
o Graduate degree
The percent of NTDS respondents who report service
in the armed forces is calculated for those in each
age/education category (milae). Data from the 2011
American Community Survey Public Use Microdata
Sample (ACS PUMS) are used to calculate the
percent of adults age 18 and older who are within
each age and education category (pae).
The adjusted estimate for transgender military
service MILadj determines what the military service
patterns of NTDS respondents (separated by sex
assigned at birth) would be if they had the same age
and educational attainment levels of the male and
female population in the US by calculating a
weighted average as follows:
In the US, approximately 5.8% of all adults who have
ever served in the armed forces are currently on
active duty and 4.4% are now serving in the Guard or
Reserve. An estimated 86.8% are veterans who
served on active duty in the past and 3.0% are
retired from Guard or Reserve service. 7 The number
of transgender adults in each category is estimated
by applying these same proportions to the estimated
number of transgender individuals who report any
service in the armed forces.
Transgender military service
Analyses of the unadjusted NTDS data show that
29.6% of respondents assigned male at birth
reported that they have served in the armed forces
along with 6.0% of those assigned female at birth. In
total, 20% of NTDS respondents reported some type
of military service.
Assuming NTDS reported rates of military service
are true of the transgender population in the US,
Figure 2 shows adjusted estimates of military service
for the transgender population (separated by sex
assigned at birth) and for adult men and women in
the US. When figures are adjusted such that the age
and educational patterns of the US adult male and
female population are applied to the NTDS sample,
an estimated 21.4% of transgender individuals have
served in the military. The adjusted estimates
suggest that 32.0% of those assigned male at birth
and 5.5% of those assigned female at birth have
served.
4
individuals are about twice as likely as adults in the
US to have served their country in the armed forces.
Transgender individuals assigned female at birth are
nearly three times more likely than all adult women
and those assigned male at birth are 1.6 times more
likely than all adult men to serve.
Gates (2011) estimates that approximately 700,000
adults in the US are transgender. 8 If, like in the
NTDS, this group is 60% male assigned at birth and
40% female assigned at birth, then the estimates
above imply that there are approximately 150,000
transgender adults in the US who are now serving or
who have served in the armed forces.
In the US, 5.4% of men who report any military
service are on active duty along with 9.8% of women.
Applying these figures to the estimates of
transgender military service would imply that
approximately 8,800 transgender individuals are
currently on active duty, of whom nearly 7,300 are
assigned male at birth and about 1,500 are assigned
female at birth. The estimates also suggest that
6,700 transgender individuals are serving in the
Guard or Reserve forces, of whom 5,300 are
assigned male at birth and 1,400 are assigned female
The estimates also suggest that there are more than
134,000 transgender individuals in the US who are
veterans or have retired from Guard or Reserve
service.
These estimates imply that approximately 0.6% of
adults who report service in the armed forces are
transgender.
Discussion
Data that allow for a direct tabulation of the number
of transgender individuals who serve in the US
military simply do not exist. The estimates in this
research brief rely on a variety of assumptions that
could affect their accuracy.
Men are more likely to serve in the military than are
women. If individuals assigned male at birth are, in
fact, more than 60% of the transgender population,
then transgender military service is likely
understated in these estimates. Conversely, if those
assigned female at birth represent more than 40% of
the transgender population, then estimates of
transgender military service are likely overstated.
The estimates also assume that the transgender
population shares the age and educational
attainment characteristics of the US population. If
the true transgender population is younger and more
educated than the US population (consistent with
the NTDS sample), then the estimates could be
overstating transgender military service.
Despite these possible biases, the estimates certainly
suggest that transgender individuals are part of the
US armed forces, perhaps in portions that exceed
that of the general population.
There is other evidence that transgender individuals
represent a larger portion of those in the military
than their proportion among adults in the US
population. In a survey of transgender people
assigned male at birth, Shipherd et al. found that 30
percent had served in the military, which is similar
to military service among transgender people
assigned male at birth in the NTDS. 9 A recent study
by Blosnich et al. reviewed all health records of
veterans receiving health care through the Veterans
Health Administration (VHA) from 2000 through
2011 and found a prevalence of Gender Identity
Disorder (GID) five times that of the US general
population. 10 Though individuals with GID
diagnoses may or may not identify as transgender,
the substantially higher prevalence of GID among
veterans in the VHA system provides further
evidence that transgender people are over-
represented in the US military.

In many ways, Joe was a typical teenager. He lived at home with his
mom. He loved plays. One day while working for a theatrical production,
someone took a romantic interest in Joe. He rebuffed their advances at
first. After all, Joe had never been in a “real” relationship. Soon, though,
casual flirting became something more, and they started dating. “I’ll just
have a little fun and break it off,” Joe thought.1
Unfortunately for Joe, abusers do not wear name tags. (“Hello, my name
is: Batterer!” the sticker might warn.) If only we lived in such a world.
For Joe, what started off as young love slowly descended into a night-
mare. His partner began telling Joe how to look and act. His partner
insisted on certain sexual acts that made Joe uncomfortable. His part-
ner raped Joe.
He wanted to call the police or ask for help. But Joe was all too fa-
miliar with the popular—yet false—myth that men can’t get raped, and
he feared he would not be believed.2 On top of this, Joe’s abuser was
another man. In a world that so often takes same-gender abuse less seri-
ously, Joe felt trapped.3
Like countless others, this is a familiar story of intimate partner vio-
lence (IPV)—psychological, physical, or sexual abuse in romantic and
sexual relationships. However, Joe’s experience is unique in one impor-
tant way: unlike most men, Joe was assigned female at birth.
Unlike with cisgender people (those whose assigned biological sex at
birth matches their current gender identity), IPV manifests in distinct
ways with transgender people (those whose assigned sex at birth differs
from their current gender identity, irrespective of whether or not they
have engaged in medical interventions to alter their bodies—including
those who were assigned male and identify as women, were assigned
female and identify as men, or identify as agender, genderqueer, Two-
Spirit, or another nonbinary gender). Importantly, the uniqueness of
IPV among transgender people is largely due to two interrelated and
pervasive norms in society: cisnormativity (the expectation that all peo-
ple are cisgender, along with the privileging of cisgender experience and
the pathologizing of transgender experience) and transphobia (a strong
dislike of or fear of transgender people).
Cisnormativity and transphobia motivate and enable many abusers to
shame and control their transgender partners. Consider Joe’s relationship,
where his abuser attempted to control and limit Joe’s gender expression
and transition. After he changed his legal name to Joe, his abuser showed
a lack of respect for Joe’s gender identity as a man, insisting on discovering
Joe’s given name and only reluctantly using his correct pronouns. When
Joe considered undertaking certain gender-affirming medical interven-
tions, his abuser worked to derail these plans: he explicitly told Joe that
such procedures would be wrong, barred him from seeing medical health-
care professionals, coerced and forced Joe into vaginal sexual activities
and then claimed “now we’re really together,” and threatened Joe with un-
wanted impregnation.4 As Joe explained, “I do feel like it [being trans and
transitioning] made me more vulnerable. I was in a really sensitive and
kind of unstable place and I was trying to find my footing and I just, it’s
not a good; it’s an ideal time for an abuser to strike. They take advantage
of your fears or your uncertainty.”5
Cisnormativity and transphobia also can hinder the ability of trans-
gender people in abusive relationships to seek help. This was very
much true for Joe. On top of concerns that police may not take a male-
identified survivor as seriously, Joe feared that police might also be
transphobic—a reasonable fear, according to research.6 As Joe said, “I
never did go to the police, I don’t trust them because of my situation . . .
I had just heard a lot of bad things, um it’s a different situation someone
who is um, trans, being abused by someone. . . . the whole ‘you are a
freak’ . . .”7 In addition to fearing a negative response, Joe also was con-
cerned that police might even mislabel him as the abuser, perhaps draw-
ing on the myth that transgender people are inherently violent. This too
is a valid concern, according to Pooja Gehi, then an attorney with the
transgender-focused Sylvia Rivera Law Project: “[W]hen my clients
who are survivors of domestic violence call the police for assistance
they often end up getting arrested either instead of, or along with, their
abuser . . . . Rather than investigate the situation, police officers tend to
arrest based on assumptions . . .”8 Finally, Joe had to weigh the potential
ramifications of being intentionally or unintentionally outed in his ef-
forts to seek help: “I was afraid of what other people would do if they
found out,” he reflected.9 For many transgender people (11 percent, ac-
cording to national estimates), their partners threaten to out them by
exposing their transgender status to others, posing an additional deter-
rent to seeking help.10
The hurdles Joe encountered in escaping abuse are commonplace for
transgender survivors. Since the inception of the modern international
IPV prevention movement in the 1970s, policies and services have been
constructed largely to address IPV between cisgender people—referred
to in this volume as cisgender IPV (C-IPV). Such policies and services
often presume that cisgender experiences of abuse are universally shared
by everyone who experiences IPV, including transgender people. In
doing so, they ignore the many unique causes, abusive tactics, and barri-
ers to help seeking that characterize IPV involving either a transgender
victim or perpetrator (regardless of whether their partner is transgender
or cisgender)—referred to in this volume as transgender IPV (T-IPV).11
In other instances, transgender survivors may be outright excluded by
policies or services. For instance, since the 2013 reauthorization of the
Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) and subsequent guidance by the
Office for Civil Rights, survivor shelters in the United States are legally
entitled to deny admission to transgender survivors of IPV if the stated
rationale is to “ensure the victim’s health and safety”12 and it is deemed
“necessary to the essential operation of a program.”13 Not surprisingly,
research has found that shelters admit just 78 percent of transgender
women and 55 percent of transgender men who seek help with victimiza-
tion.14 (Of note, although it incorporates the aforementioned problem-
atic loophole, VAWA on its surface aimed to provide greater protections
for transgender survivors—protections that are no longer in place as of
the writing of this book. The US Congress permitted VAWA to expire on
December 21, 2018, and has not yet reauthorized it.15)
Beyond fueling abuse and limiting avenues of escape for transgender
survivors, cisnormativity and transphobia also can limit awareness of
the existence of T-IPV. After all, with public discourse, services, and
policy largely focused on C-IPV, there are fewer opportunities in so-
ciety to learn what constitutes healthy and unhealthy relationships
among transgender people. Even as awareness of IPV in lesbian, gay, bi-
sexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) communities has continued to
grow, research and service provision focused specifically on the T in the
acronym has lagged behind.16 Perhaps as a symptom of this knowledge
gap, 27 percent of transgender people who experience IPV do not label
these experiences as “abusive,” which serves as a major barrier to seek-
ing help.17 Likewise, the limited extent of public awareness about T-IPV
may hinder the ability of survivors to recognize IPV when perpetrated
by a transgender partner.18 Even among service providers specializing
in aiding IPV survivors, by one estimate just half self-report being “at
best, only minimally prepared” to serve transgender people.19
This invisible public health threat of IPV in transgender communi-
ties remains alarmingly prevalent. For instance, in the United States,
national estimates have found that over half (54 percent) of trans-
gender adults have experienced at least one form of IPV within their
lifetimes.20 If future policies and services are to be effective in decreas-
ing T-IPV and its negative effects, these efforts must be evidence-based,
informed by a deep research literature. It is for this reason that we are
fortunate to live in a moment when scholarship on T-IPV is reaching
a critical mass. Since the earliest empirical data on T-IPV were pub-
lished in the late 1990s and early 2000s,21 the rate of new empirical
publications has dramatically accelerated. Studies also are becoming
increasingly ambitious in scope. For instance, results from the first
national-level study assessing T-IPV—albeit a study using nonrandom
sampling—was published in just the past few years (US Transgender
Survey),22 and an ongoing, groundbreaking study will be the first in the
transgender health literature to utilize a probability sample of transgen-
der individuals (TransPop).23 Thus, while knowledge gaps still exist, the
emergent T-IPV literature is already quite diverse and robust.
With now two decades of empirical data studying the prevalence and
nature of T-IPV, an important step toward improving future service pro-
vision, public policy, and research is to bring together in one go-to re-
source all that research can tell us about T-IPV. Unfortunately, just two
books to date have reviewed substantial portions of the T-IPV literature,
only one of which focused exclusively on transgender abuse.
With this in mind, Transgender Intimate Partner Violence: A Compre-
hensive Introduction is the first-ever edited volume to comprehensively
review the T-IPV research literature. It is written for expert and non-
expert audiences alike and is designed to be a resource for researchers,
teachers, students, mental and medical health-care service providers,
law enforcement agencies, IPV shelters and agencies, transgender rights
groups and activists, survivors and allies, and anyone wishing to better
understand T-IPV.
In this opening chapter, we review research on the prevalence and im-
pact of T-IPV. Next, this chapter examines the links between IPV and
the restriction of transgender human rights. As Joe’s story illustrates, dis-
crimination is part of the DNA of T-IPV, whether motivating abusers, en-
abling unique tactics to control survivors, or blocking passage to escape.
Thus, to fully understand T-IPV, it is important to consider the extent
of societal transphobia and its links with relationship abuse. Finally, this
introductory chapter previews the thematic sections and chapters ahead.
Ultimately, it is our sincere hope that, by highlighting what is empiri-
cally known, this book offers not only a needed primer on T-IPV but
also evidence-based tips for substantially improving future service pro-
vision, public policy, and scholarship. This book is about ensuring that
Joe and the countless others like him live in a world where safety and
justice are the rights of all people.
T-IPV Prevalence and Impact
Although research on intimate partner violence involving transgender
individuals is still sorely needed, emerging literature repeatedly empha-
sizes two key facts: T-IPV is highly prevalent and its consequences for
survivors are substantial.
T-IPV Prevalence
As compared to research on victimization, perpetration by transgen-
der partners is substantially understudied. That said, one large study
of youth (N = 5,647) that included a small transgender subsample
(n = 18) found that high proportions of transgender youth had perpe-
trated psychological IPV (29.4 percent), physical IPV (58.8 percent), and
technology-facilitated or “cyber” IPV (35.3 percent) in the past year. The
same study found that transgender youth were more likely than cisgender
youth (both women and men) to perpetrate physical and “cyber” IPV,
and transgender youth were just as likely as cisgender young women and
more likely than cisgender young men to perpetrate psychological IPV.25
A more robust literature on victimization finds that IPV is experienced at
high rates among transgender individuals. In addition to prevalence stud-
ies examining victimization in the past six months26 and the past year,27
victimization through college graduation,28 victimization by primary and
casual partners,29 and victimization among a subsample of those physically
or sexually assaulted by anyone including strangers,30 a number of studies
have pointed to an alarming risk of IPV victimization across the full life
span of transgender individuals. In particular, studies have shown that over
their lifetimes, 44–57 percent of transgender people experience psycho-
logical IPV victimization such as verbal abuse and controlling behaviors,31
20–35 percent experience threats of physical violence32 and 35–46 percent
experience physical IPV victimization such as hitting or burning,33 8–47
percent experience sexual IPV victimization such as nonconsensual sexual
touching or penetration,34 and 27–73 percent experience anti-transgender
“identity abuse” victimization (i.e., any IPV tactic that leverages a person’s
transgender status as a means of control).35 (See figure 1.1.)
Of reports providing the prevalence of transgender people experienc-
ing at least one form of IPV,36 the 2015 US Transgender Survey is by far
the largest and most generalizable study currently available in any na-
tion. A study of 27,715 transgender people from across the United States
and its territories, the US Transgender Survey found that 54 percent of
transgender adults in the United States have experienced at least one
form of IPV within their lifetimes.37 Extrapolating from one conserva-
tive national estimate that 1.4 million Americans identify as transgen-
der, at least 756,000 transgender people in the United States alone have
experienced IPV in their lifetimes.38 Conflicting studies have found
that, relative to transgender men, transgender women are at greater
risk of physical39 and sexual IPV victimization,40 similar risk of expe-
riencing either physical or sexual IPV victimization,41 and lower risk
of experiencing at least one form of IPV victimization.42 Considerably
less research has examined IPV victimization prevalence among non-
binary individuals. One of the few such studies found that nonbinary
and gender nonconforming participants in the sample were more likely
to experience physical or sexual IPV victimization (60 percent) than
transgender men (30 percent) and transgender women (44 percent), but
the difference was not statistically significant.43
Among studies that have directly compared both groups, studies have
generally shown transgender people to be at either similar or higher risk
relative to cisgender people for all or at least some of the assessed forms
of IPV victimization.44 When turning to larger-scale studies, a cross-
study comparison of the best available US national prevalence estimates
for a transgender sample (the aforementioned 2015 US Transgender
Survey) and a predominantly cisgender sample (the 2010 US National
Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey) reveals slightly higher
lifetime physical IPV victimization rates for transgender people than
for cisgender people (35 percent and 30 percent, respectively).45
T-IPV Impact
Just as with cisgender people,46 IPV can have a host of negative effects
on transgender people. For instance, transgender survivors often find
that abuse exacts a heavy economic toll. Consider that many transgen-
der survivors find that their ability to commute to work is impeded by
the abuse (69.9 percent),47 will continue to experience abuse at or near
their workplace (69.6 percent),48 find that IPV impacts their perfor-
mance at work (95.7 percent),49 and are forced to miss work or to stop
looking for work due to the abuse (27 percent).50 In addition, many
transgender survivors suffer through constant fear (10–13 percent),51
injury (16–42 percent),52 and negative mental health consequences
(76 percent)53 such as depressive symptomology (65 percent).54 Con-
flicting studies have found victimization for transgender people to be
associated55 and not associated56 with substance abuse. Victimiza-
tion among transgender people is also associated with engaging in
sexual risk-taking behaviors such as unprotected sex.57 With some
exceptions,58 studies have found that, among transgender people,
experiencing IPV victimization is also associated with a greater risk of
HIV,59 although the cause-and-effect relationship between these fac-
tors is not yet clear. Studies of cisgender people indicate that IPV can
at times directly cause exposure to HIV, such as when abusers refuse
to use protection. At other times survivors who have left their abusers
may engage in high-risk sexual behaviors with new partners as a means
through which to regain a sense of personal control over their bod-
ies following the disempowerment of victimization. At still other times
abusers may be drawn to enter into relationships with people living
with HIV if they believe that such partners will be more disempowered,
dependent, and controllable.
T-IPV and Discrimination
While T-IPV is both prevalent and impactful, it is not identical to C-IPV.
As Joe’s experience highlights, the causes, abusive tactics, and barriers to
escape regarding T-IPV are fueled in part by the existence of discrimina-
tory abusers, service providers, and policies. However, discriminatory
attitudes are not biologically inevitable traits of a few bad apples. Rather,
systemic bias against transgender people emerges when societies at large
tacitly condone and even encourage discrimination, often buttressed by
laws that restrict the basic human rights of transgender people. While
ending transphobia may not end the existence of T-IPV, discrimination
undeniably increases the vulnerability of transgender people to IPV and
narrows their avenues of escape. In this sense, understanding why T-IPV
takes its current forms necessitates recognizing the extent of discrimi-
nation against transgender people. This section explores (1) the current
state of interpersonal transphobia in the world, (2) ongoing transgender
human rights restrictions imbedded in law, and (3) how such discrimi-
nation ultimately impacts T-IPV.
Interpersonal Transphobia
In many societies today, transphobic attitudes are pervasive. Consider
a recent study of sixteen countries drawn from every continent except
Antarctica, which found that 23 percent of people in the world agree or
strongly agree that transgender people have a mental illness, 30 percent
worry about exposing children to transgender people, and 21 percent
believe their society has “gone too far” in accommodating transgen-
der people.61 Of course, these mean average rates are even higher in
some nations (e.g., in the United States, where these rates are 32 percent,
41 percent, and 36 percent, respectively). As researcher Julia Walker
reflects, “trans people are possibly the most marginalized minority
group in society; they are stigmatized in every culture across race, eth-
nicity, religion, and are even stigmatized by [lesbian, gay, and bisexual]
movements and organizations.”62
Not surprisingly, transphobic attitudes appear to translate into trans-
phobic actions, with many transgender people reporting disturbing lev-
els of discrimination and violence in their daily lives. (See table 1.1.) For
instance, in the United States, discrimination extends from the family to
school, employment, housing, and even public accommodations such as
stores and restaurants. According to the nationally representative 2015
US Transgender Survey, among transgender people who were out about
being transgender to the immediate family that they grew up with, 27
percent were not allowed by their family to wear clothing that matched
their gender identity, 26 percent had a family member stop speaking
with them because they were transgender, and 14 percent had been sent
by their family to a professional in an attempt to stop them from being
transgender. Of those who were out as transgender during their elemen-
tary, middle, and/or high school years, 54 percent were verbally bullied
percent were physically attacked, and 13 percent were sexually as-
saulted specifically because they were transgender.
In addition, 14 percent of respondents employed within the past year
had been verbally harassed due to being transgender and, of those who
were employed or had applied for a job in the past year, 27 percent re-
ported being fired, not promoted, or not hired in the past year specifi-
cally due to being transgender. (In light of this extensive employment
discrimination, it is unfortunately not surprising that the Center for
American Progress recently found that transgender Americans are four
times more likely to live in poverty than the general population.)63 Re-
garding housing, 8 percent of respondents had been kicked out of their
house by their family, in the past year 6 percent were denied permission
to buy or rent and 5 percent were evicted from a home or apartment
specifically due to being transgender, and 30 percent indicated they had
been homeless at some point in their lives. In public accommodations
such as restaurants and stores, 24 percent of respondents reported being
verbally harassed and 14 percent were denied equal treatment or services
in the past year specifically due to being transgender.64 Perhaps the ulti-
mate distillation of transphobic attitudes is violence. In addition to IPV,
studies find that transgender people face alarming rates of hate crimes,
physical and sexual assault, and homicide.65
Transgender Human Rights Restrictions
Scholar and transgender rights activist Paisley Currah argues that anti-
transgender sentiment has only been growing in recent years, with this
“new transgender panic” being used to justify ever-restrictive laws.66
Indeed, in many parts of the world, transgender discrimination is codi-
fied in law.67 Reflecting and reinforcing interpersonal transphobia,
many societies use both existing laws and the absence of laws to restrict
the basic human rights of transgender people, including the following:
the rights to marriage and having children; the rights to freedom from
discrimination in education, health care, employment, housing, credit
and lending, public accommodations, and military service; and the fun-
damental right to exist.
Marriage can be particularly challenging for transgender people, par-
ticularly in nations that do not allow same-sex marriage, as courts have
been known to deny or annul marriage licenses if both people have the
same gender marker on their identity documents (regardless of their gen-
der identity), if they appear to be the same gender (regardless of their
legal gender markers), or if they have different legal gender markers but
one of them had a different assigned sex at birth.68 This potential barrier
to marriage exists in the majority of the world, since, as of 2017, only
twenty-four nations have legalized same-sex marriage.69 Adding furthe
complications is the fact that many nations make it difficult or impos-
sible for gender markers to be changed on identity documents. For in-
stance, only fifty-one nations permit a change in the gender listed on
government documents such as birth certificates, driver’s licenses, and
passports; of these nations, twenty-nine require surgery, sterilization, or
both before a name change is permitted, and only four permit a change
to a third or nonbinary gender marker.70 In the United States, gender-
affirming surgery is required in order to change the gender marker on
a birth certificate in nineteen states and on a driver’s license in twelve
states, despite the fact that many transgender people do not desire sur-
gery.71 Thus, whether due to court interpretations of transgender identity
or laws inhibiting the change of gender markers on government docu-
ments, marriage is by no means a guaranteed right in the majority of the
world. (It is important to note that an inability to change one’s gender
marker on identity documents poses additional challenges beyond mar-
riage in any context requiring verification of identity, such as when vot-
ing in elections, signing contracts, using credit cards, seeking health care,
filling medication prescriptions, pursuing education, boarding airplanes,
and crossing police checkpoints.72)
For transgender people wishing to expand their families by having
children, additional legal barriers may be placed in their path. Consider
the United States, where only three of fifty states have antidiscrimina-
tion state laws explicitly prohibiting discrimination against transgender
people seeking to foster or jointly adopt children, and where nine states
explicitly permit such discrimination by state-licensed child welfare
agencies if religious beliefs are stated to be the justification.73
Beyond restricting the rights to marriage and children, many nations
restrict the rights of transgender people to live free from discrimina-
tion in education. For instance, in the US, just thirteen of fifty states
have antidiscrimination state laws explicitly prohibiting gender-based
discrimination in education, and two states in fact prohibit the creation
of gender-based antidiscrimination laws regarding education.74 Follow-
ing the path of six US states that prohibit the positive portrayal of “ho-
mosexual activity” in kindergarten through twelfth grade, several states
have considered or are considering similar legislation to restrict educa-
tion about transgender lives.75 In addition, while the Obama admin-
istration directed public schools to interpret Title IX of the Education
Amendments Act of 1972 as prohibiting discrimination against trans-
gender students, including but not limited to permitting them to access
bathrooms corresponding with their gender identity, in February 2017
the US Departments of Justice and Education under the Trump admin-
istration withdrew that guidance, effectively legalizing discrimination
against transgender students in education settings.76
Of course, educational settings have not been the only contexts in
which policymakers have attempted to force transgender people to use
public restrooms corresponding with their sex assigned at birth rather
than their gender identity. For instance, in the US, North Carolina’s Pub-
lic Facilities Privacy and Security Act—passed into law in 2016 and re-
pealed shortly thereafter in 2017—made it illegal not only in education
but statewide for transgender people to use public facilities correspond-
ing with their gender identity.77 In defending the law, politicians erro-
neously painted transgender women as lying rapists, arguing without
evidence that they are in fact cisgender men pretending to be women in
an effort to sexually assault women inside women’s restrooms.78 Simi-
lar so-called bathroom bills were up for consideration in sixteen other
states during the 2017 legislative session.79
Some nations also restrict the rights of transgender people to access
health care free of discrimination. For instance, in the US, just thirteen
of fifty states have antidiscrimination state laws explicitly prohibiting dis-
crimination against transgender people in health care.80 National esti-
mates indicate that among transgender people in the US who have health
insurance, 55 percent of those who have sought transition-related sur-
gery in the past year and 25 percent of those who have sought transition-
related hormone therapy in the past year have been denied coverage.81 In
addition, 23 percent of transgender people in the US reported that they
avoided seeking needed health care in the past year due to concerns that
they would be mistreated or disrespected—a valid concern given that 33
percent of transgender people who had seen a health-care provider in
the past year reported having a negative experience with them related to
being transgender.82 Despite these realities, under current federal leader-
ship the US Department of Health and Human Services created a new
“Division of Conscience and Religious Freedom” to shield health-care
workers who wish to deny treatment to patients on the basis of religious
objection, including but not limited to transgender patients.
Similar roadblocks to equal rights exist in other realms of society,
including in employment, housing, credit and lending, public accom-
modations, and military service. For example, in the US, less than half
of the fifty states have antidiscrimination state laws explicitly prohib-
iting discrimination on the basis of gender identity in employment
(only twenty states have such protections), housing (twenty states),
health care (thirteen states), public accommodations (nineteen states),
and credit and lending (fourteen states).84 The absence of national-
level protections for transgender people in the US is deeply problem-
atic for those living in the majority of states without laws prohibiting
discrimination on the basis of gender identity. Lacking congressional
support for a national antidiscrimination law, the Obama administra-
tion aimed to create the effect of such a law by interpreting Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as indirectly prohibiting employment
discrimination. However, administrative guidance does not carry the
weight of law and can more readily be challenged in court, and, as has
been the case under the Trump administration, such administrative
guidance can be easily rescinded or reinterpreted when a new presi-
dent takes office.85 Given the need for nationwide antidiscrimination
laws, it is troubling to note that, globally, only twenty-six nations have
antidiscrimination laws specifically protecting transgender people, just
twenty-one have laws prohibiting anti-transgender hate crimes, and
only nineteen nations permit transgender individuals to serve in the
military.86
Lastly, the fundamental right for transgender people to exist is under
threat. In fifty-seven nations across the world being transgender is ei-
ther criminalized or prosecuted, cross-dressing is criminalized in eight
nations, and gender-affirming surgery is criminalized under certain
circumstances in six nations.87 For example, Human Rights Watch re-
ports that nations such as Malaysia explicitly criminalize presenting as
a different gender than one’s sex assigned at birth, and the law permits
incarcerating men who “pose” as women.88 Moreover, only four nations
in the world permit people to change their gender marker on govern-
ment documents to one other than female or male, with the remaining
governments of the world effectively denying the existence of nonbinary
people.89 Additionally, in late 2018 a memo by the US Department of
Health and Human Services suggested that the Trump administration
is considering legally redefining sex and gender under Title IX to ef-
fectively no longer recognize the existence of transgender people in the
United States.90 Ultimately, with the codification of transphobia in law,
transgender people are often left with little or no legal recourse for ex-
periences of discrimination and related violence.
T-IPV at the Nexus of Transphobia and Human Rights Restrictions
As noted above, transgender individuals face the risk of discrimina-
tion and legal barriers in a number of aspects of their lives, with respect
to getting married, fostering and adopting children, going to school,
maintaining employment, accessing credit and lending institutions,
receiving health care, obtaining equal treatment and services in public
accommodations, being permitted to serve in the military, and more.
In turn, pervasive transphobia and transgender human rights restric-
tions each play integral roles in shaping and fueling T-IPV. In particular,
interpersonal and law-based discrimination against transgender people
may motivate some abusers, enable unique forms of abusive tactics, and
increase barriers to escape for survivors.
Discrimination and T-IPV Motivations
Regarding motivations, that interpersonal transphobia is extensive in
many societies no doubt increases the risk that individuals who are abu-
sive to their transgender intimate partners will be transphobic. In turn,
scholars theorize that those who internalize transphobic attitudes may
be more likely to perpetrate IPV—whether because they view trans-
gender survivors as subhuman and therefore deserving of abuse, or
because some transgender abusers view IPV perpetration as a means to
overcome transphobia-linked feelings of stress or disempowerment.91
Qualitative studies suggest that some abusers do embrace discrimi-
natory views of their transgender survivors,92 and some transgender
abusers verbally rationalize or excuse their behavior as inconsequential
in comparison to their own experiences of societal transphobia.93 The
extent to which internalizing transphobic attitudes is associated with
T-IPV perpetration has not yet been quantitatively assessed, although
a similar association among sexual minorities has been found between
internalized homophobia and IPV perpetration.
Discrimination and T-IPV Tactics
Unique T-IPV tactics are made possible both by interpersonal trans-
phobia and by transgender human rights restrictions. Consider first that
transgender people who are out or public regarding being transgender
risk extensive discrimination in society, in conjunction with fewer legal
protections against such discrimination. It is therefore understandable
why many transgender people choose not to share their gender identity
or transgender status with everyone. Indeed, according to the US Trans-
gender Survey, only 53 percent of transgender people in the US are out
about being transgender to all of the immediate family members they
grew up with, only 32 percent are out to all of their heterosexual and
cisgender friends, and only 23 percent are out to all of their coworkers.95
In turn, abusers of closeted transgender people gain a unique pressure
point through which to gain control: as noted previously, one national
estimate indicates that 11 percent of transgender people have at some
point in their lifetime had a partner threaten to nonconsensually dis-
close the fact that they are transgender to others.96
In addition to threats of outing, other unique T-IPV tactics may be
made possible by the uncertainty and shame that many transgender sur-
vivors feel about their identity or their inability to express their identity.
Scholars emphasize that periods of gender transition and confirmation
are sites of distinct vulnerability for transgender people.97 For instance,
during stages of identity affirmation, abusers may intentionally impede
a transgender person’s access to medical transition services and gen-
dered clothing, refuse to use a transgender person’s name and correct
pronouns, demand a person remain closeted regarding the fact that they
are transgender, verbally abuse a transgender person utilizing transpho-
bic language, physically assault body parts that have particular gendered
meaning, coerce a transgender person into sexual activities that feel
particularly dissonant with their gender identity, and falsely rationalize
abuse as being normal for or affirming of a person with the transgen-
der person’s gender identity.98 As clinical psychologist and researcher
Nicola Brown has noted, “perpetrators are acutely aware of the indi-
vidual and institutional vulnerabilities faced by trans people and these
vulnerabilities feature explicitly in the abuse tactics and harm done.”99
In societies where transgender lives are devalued by interpersonal and
law-reinforced discrimination, transgender people are likely to continue
to be particularly vulnerable to these forms of intimate partner identity
abuse.
Some abusers may also threaten to prevent their transgender partner
from accessing their children, should their partner seek help or leave.
While not specifically unique to T-IPV,100 threats regarding children
may be especially credible for transgender survivors in nations where
laws restrict the ability of transgender people to legally adopt or foster
children. Not only do some legal systems weaken the ability of transgen-
der people to gain parental rights, but attorneys may also use the fact
that a parent is transgender to argue against their gaining custody.101 In
light of these concerns, it is perhaps not surprising that abusers use chil-
dren as leverage over their transgender partners, with one study finding
that transgender parents are more likely than cisgender parents to expe-
rience abusive tactics involving their children.
Pervasive interpersonal transphobia and transgender human rights
restrictions also strengthen the many barriers transgender survivors
face in seeking help and leaving their abusers. Kae Greenberg, attorney
and legal scholar, refers to this as a form of social entrapment by which
systems of stigmatization may work to isolate transgender survivors.103
The extent to which transphobia is embraced in many societies cre-
ates a realistic risk that potential sources of help may be dismissive or
outright transphobic in their responses to a transgender person in an
abusive relationship. For instance, when considering that a quarter of
transgender people have had a family member stop talking with them
specifically because they were transgender,104 it is understandable that
just 30 percent of transgender survivors ever disclose their victimiza-
tion to family members.105 Likewise, with research suggesting that
some transgender survivors fear and experience a transphobic response
by police and attorneys,106 it is perhaps not surprising that only 12–18
percent of transgender survivors disclose the abuse to police and just 2
percent disclose to attorneys.107 Concerns regarding police responses to
T-IPV may be further exacerbated by broader fears that some in law en-
forcement will disregard any type of crime against transgender people,
blame them for their victimization, and even participate in the victim-
ization.108 As one transgender survivor explained, “I didn’t want to tell
any service providers about the relationship problems as explaining the
details would have required me to come out. . . . I was worried ser-
vice providers would be ignorant of trans identities and potentially even
quite prejudiced.”109 Likely exacerbating concerns that sources of help
will be discriminatory is the fact that few agencies and organizations
offer tailored services for transgender survivors.110
Moreover, some survivors are concerned that those they seek help
from may intentionally out them as transgender.111 Survivors also may
risk being outed during court proceedings in jurisdictions that require
using a person’s legal name,112 which is particularly an issue in the
many nations that make it difficult or impossible to legally change one’s
gender marker and name on identity documents. As previously noted,
interpersonal transphobia and the absence of antidiscrimination laws
make it more difficult for transgender people to find employment, safe
educational institutions, affirmative health care, and housing; therefore,
the potential consequences of being outed are amplified for transgen-
der survivors. Even for those who are not outed, survivors who leave
an abuser with whom they cohabitated, shared financial resources, or
shared medical insurance may fear future discrimination in seeking new
housing, employment, and insurance coverage.
Finally, it is important to note that many IPV laws—such as those
criminalizing IPV or providing no-contact orders to prevent abusers
from seeking out those they have victimized—limit who can access
these protections to those involved in certain legally recognized rela-
tionships, such as marital relationships and relationships between a
man and a woman. Such restrictive IPV laws can effectively bar many
transgender survivors from their protections, whether because they are
in a same-sex relationship or because their birth-assigned sex is misused
in court to argue they are in a same-sex relationship.
Implications and Next Steps
As this chapter has detailed, transgender people are subjected to inter-
personal transphobia and discriminatory policies across the world,
cultivating a hostile social environment for many transgender indi-
viduals. When considering the unique forms of motivations, abusive
actics, and barriers to escape for T-IPV, it is clear that understanding
T-IPV necessitates recognizing the broader cultural patterns of dis-
crimination that fuel vulnerability to violence.
Of course, the continued existence of IPV among cisgender people
makes clear that T-IPV will not cease to exist simply by eradicating
transphobic discrimination. At the same time, the undeniable intercon-
nections between discrimination and T-IPV highlighted in this chapter
indicate that, if nations did more to combat interpersonal transphobia
and transgender human rights restrictions, transgender people may
be substantially less likely to experience IPV and substantially more
likely to seek and reach help when they do experience abuse. Thus,
recommended policy shifts include the passage of nationwide anti-
discrimination laws protecting transgender people in multiple realms
of life, encouraging antidiscrimination education in both schools and
the workplace, and revising IPV laws to explicitly cover transgender
survivors.
Likewise, tailoring future efforts by service providers and policy-
makers to prevent and intervene in T-IPV must be deeply informed by
the myriad ways in which discrimination shapes unique T-IPV causes,
tactics, and barriers to escape. For instance, this may entail addressing
unique T-IPV motivations in both IPV prevention programming and
batterer intervention treatment, covering unique T-IPV tactics under
IPV laws and including them as warning signs of abuse in prevention
programs and victim service provision efforts, and enhancing access to
victim support services through T-IPV knowledge training and antidis-
crimination training for service providers, as well as developing more
transgender-specific service advertising and organization branding.
Improving how societies assist T-IPV survivors is by no means a small
task, and it must begin with knowledge. With this in mind, this book of-
fers a deep dive into all that current research tells us about the nature of
T-IPV and its intersections with discrimination. Building off this now
two-decades-long knowledge base, this book proceeds to offer detailed
and evidence-based recommendations for best practices in future ser-
vice provision, public policy, and research. Armed with this knowledge,
it is sincerely hoped that together we can spur an evolutionary leap for-
ward in ensuring the safety and health of transgender communities
Overview of This Book
This book is the first-ever edited collection of chapters on transgender
intimate partner violence, written by leading research experts and victim
service providers working on this pressing issue. In Part I, an introduc-
tion to T-IPV is offered. This opening chapter provided foundational
terminology, an overview of T-IPV and its prevalence and outcomes,
and an introduction to the ways in which T-IPV is uniquely shaped
by discrimination and human rights restrictions. Chapter 2, “Tactics
and Justifications of Abuse Involving Transgender Individuals” (Xavier
Quinn), focuses on the rationalizations T-IPV abusers use to justify
abuse and also details the ways in which T-IPV tactics can be similar to
and also distinct from C-IPV tactics, with an emphasis on the relevance
of societal transphobia. Chapter 3, “Undermining Transgender Survi-
vors: Discrediting Identity Work in Intimate Relationships” (Amanda
Koontz), extends the examination on patterns of abuse by highlighting
the relevance of identity manipulation. While all humans actively con-
struct identities, transgender identities are often structurally denigrated
and interpersonally attacked. The chapter utilizes an identity work per-
spective to emphasize the ways in which abusers may attack certain
aspects of the identity process in transgender survivors.
Part II examines the underlying context and causes of T-IPV. Chap-
ter 4, “‘Why Don’t You Just Leave?’: Transgender Resilience and Barriers
to Escaping Abuse” (Rayna E. Momen and Walter S. DeKeseredy), ad-
dresses the ways in which T-IPV entraps survivors in ongoing patterns
of abuse in intimate relationships. Themes of resiliency and coping
mechanisms are addressed to contextualize help-seeking processes for
transgender survivors. Chapter 5, “Theorizing on the Roots of Transgen-
der Intimate Partner Violence” (Adam M. Messinger), reviews theories
and existing empirical support regarding the causes of T-IPV, includ-
ing those causes that are shared with C-IPV (e.g., techniques of neu-
tralization, intergenerational socialization, victim vulnerabilities, etc.)
and those that are distinct from C-IPV (e.g., disempowerment, minority
stress, stigma power, etc.). Chapter 6, “The Intersections of Race and Im-
migration” (Xavier L. Guadalupe-Diaz and Carolyn M. West), focuses
on relevant issues of race and immigration within the context of T-IPV.
Drawing on both the T-IPV and C-IPV literatures, it becomes readily
apparent that race and migration status create distinct realities for T-IPV
survivors of color.
Part III applies both what is known about T-IPV and current societal
efforts to address IPV to discuss best practices in T-IPV victim service
provision and the law. Evidence-based tips are offered regarding avenues
through which to improve mental and medical health-care provision,
survivor shelter services, law enforcement procedures, and laws pertain-
ing to T-IPV. Chapter 7, “Providing Appropriate Health-Care Services
to Transgender and Gender Nonconforming Survivors of IPV” (Shanna
Kattari, Héctor Torres, Kim Fountain, and Ing Swenson), examines best
practices for mental and medical health-care provision for transgender
survivors. As an often-medicalized community, transgender people
rely on inclusive care while also often facing high levels of discrimi-
nation and bias from health-care providers. For transgender survivors,
relevant issues of systemic prejudice and other barriers limit access to
well-rounded care and well-being. Chapter 8, “Best Practices in Shel-
ter Provision” (Brian P. Tesch), explores shelter accommodations and
policies that have been historically geared toward cisgender women. The
chapter identifies specific best practices that are either currently work-
ing for shelters or could be adapted by existing programs to improve
services provided for transgender survivors. Chapter 9, “Best Practices
in Policing” (Kae Greenberg), reviews strategies for ensuring affirming
and effective law enforcement responses to T-IPV. Best practices are too
rarely discussed in the literature or in application, which is unfortunate
given that police are often first responders for IPV and can play a vital
role as both help-seeking resources and safety enforcers. The chapter
highlights some of the unique policing challenges in this area, with an
emphasis on improving the response to transgender survivors. Chapter
10, “Legal System Reform” (Leigh Goodmark), examines legal structures
and recourse for transgender survivors. Historically, IPV laws were not
only focused on heterosexual survivors but were also cisnormative.
While much of the law has evolved and improved over recent decades,
this chapter emphasizes ways that the courts and legal system can con-
tinue working to improve responses to T-IPV.
Part IV, the final section of this book, contributes recommendations
for future directions in addressing the problem of T-IPV, along with clos-
ing thoughts. Chapter 11, “Beyond the Gender Binary: Trans/forming
IPV Prevention Using a Public Health Framework” (Rebecca Howard,
Sharyn J. Potter, Taylor Flagg, Mary M. Moynihan, and Zachary Ahmad-
Kahloon), discusses new techniques and research in prevention education
that are transgender-inclusive and centered. Past programs predomi-
nantly have been focused on cisgender and heterosexual people, with
more recent expansions to include cisgender lesbian, gay, and bisexual
people. Drawing on research-based knowledge of T-IPV, recommenda-
tions are provided for designing tailored prevention programs. Chapter
12, “Training Service Providers to Identify and Overcome Service Barriers
in Working with Transgender IPV Survivors” (michael munson and Loree
Cook-Daniels), reviews the potential for organizations to serve as training
hubs for a multitude of IPV victim service agencies looking to improve
services for transgender survivors. In particular, the chapter synthesizes
what FORGE—a leader in transgender victim service provision—has
learned about the barriers standing between transgender survivors and
IPV victim service providers, and best practices in training approaches
and techniques. Chapter 13, “Overcoming Barriers to Knowledge Produc-
tion in Transgender IPV Research” (Adam F. Yerke and Jennifer DeFeo),
addresses the overarching problems with conducting research on T-IPV
within a subfield of scholarship that is often cisgender-focused. Working
with a small, marginalized population presents a multitude of method-
ological challenges including those regarding sampling, inclusive survey
measures, and more. Chapter 14, “Working toward Transgender Inclu-
sion in the Movement to Address Intimate Partner Violence” (Xavier L.
Guadalupe-Diaz and Adam M. Messinger), the final chapter of the book,
reviews the core lessons of this book and each of its chapters and discusses
how we might work to address key gaps in research, service provision,
and the law—and, ultimately, how we can build toward a safer and more
inclusive tomorrow.


When one of our coauthors, Jami Taylor, enrolled at North Carolina State
University in 2001, she transitioned from male to female. This created an
uproar in her department and at the university. Back then, there were few
transgender people on campus. NC State did not even have a campus LGBT
center. Even the state’s gay rights group, Equality North Carolina, could
not be described as transgender inclusive. Indeed, most folks had never met
a trans person. 1 While there were some individuals who were openly hos-
tile to her, most people honestly did not know what to make of the situa-
tion. Bathroom and locker room access was a major problem. To their great
credit, the university and the department worked with her and tried to make
accommodations where possible. However, the university’s administration
informed Jami that she could not enter the women’s locker room until after
she had completed sex reassignment surgery. It was the same for restrooms.
She needed to use one of the few single person restrooms on campus.2 At the
time, she was thrilled that the university was this supportive, because many
places were decidedly not. We share this story because it occurred in North
Carolina, which in 2016 passed the nation’s most egregious law targeting
transgender people (HB2). This policy’s most publicized effect denied most
transgender people access to multiuser public restrooms that corresponded
to their gender identity. This highly salient, politically inspired crackdown
on transgender people effectively codified the bathroom accommodation
that Jami begged and pleaded to get in 2001. Moreover, it created a national
backlash. Businesses inside and outside the state were telling transgender
people, regardless of their surgical status, that they could use whichever re-
stroom they wanted. Both the president and the attorney general weighed
in against the law, while Equality North Carolina was leading the charge
against HB2. The state was the subject of boycotts and Governor Pat Mc-
Crory lost his reelection bid in large part because of his support for the law.
With perspective, that is amazing progress. It is what winning looks like.
Indeed, the progress of transgender rights has been stunning. Most
Americans today have at least heard the term transgender and they are in-
creasingly knowledgeable about what it means (Public Religion Research In-
stitute 2011b). However, a few decades ago, the term transgender had not yet
been coined (Stryker 2008); there was no such thing as transgender rights. 3
Viewed from 2018, the change seems rapid and dramatic.
Beginning in the 1980s and 1990s, a new social movement developed
around the concept of transgender (Stryker 2008). It was an informal um-
brella term and a “collective political identity” (Currah, Juang, and Minter
2006b, xv) that brought together different groups who experience gender
dysphoria. Those involved in this social movement share an interest in a
fight for “a right to gender self- determination” (Currah, Juang, and Minter
2006b, xvi). It is a movement that is both distinct from the gay rights move-
ment and increasingly intertwined with it due to mutual policy interests,
common opponents, and gender stereotype-based discrimination that af-
fects gay, bisexual, and trans people (e.g., Minter 2006; Taylor and Lewis
2014; Nownes 2014). The advances of the transgender movement and its
allies in the combined lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) move-
ment have been significant.
One important change has been the increasing visibility of transgender
people and trans themes in our media and culture. For instance, Time maga-
zine’s June 9, 2014 issue gave transgender rights center billing for its cover
story “Transgender Tipping Point.” In that issue, Steinmetz (2014) chroni-
cled the growing awareness of transgender rights and the plight of transgen-
der people. Laverne Cox, a transgender actress starring in the hit television
show Orange Is the New Black, was featured on the cover. For her role, Cox
also became the first transgender person nominated for a Primetime Emmy
Award (Gjorgievska 2014). The national media also fixated on the transition
of Caitlyn Jenner (formerly Bruce Jenner), leading to a reality television
show, I Am Cait. Major films in recent years, like TransAmerica, The Adven-
tures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and Boys Don’t Cry, have focused on
transgender themes. Transparent, a television show that explores the story of
a family coming to terms with a transgender parent, won a Golden Globe
Award in 2015 (Riley 2015). Transgender model Andreja Pejić prominently
appeared in the fashion magazine Vogue (Gregory 2015). Transgender celeb-
rities like Chaz Bono, Lana Wachowski, Janet Mock, and Jennifer Finney
Boylan appear regularly in the media.
The social gains made by the transgender movement have mirrored
changes in its access to the policy agenda and to related changes in public
policy. Previously, the policy concerns of this group received little atten-
tion by policymakers. Transgender rights was a marginalized topic and on
the fringes. Yet over the past two and a half decades the transgender move-
ment has gained increasing access to policymakers. The movement has also
achieved statutory nondiscrimination protections in several states and in
many localities, often through the addition of the term “gender identity”
to existing laws. The national government and several states have adopted
hate/bias crimes protections with transgender- inclusive language. Ther e
have been legal victories in the courts and many favorable federal rules and
policies. For instance, courts have increasingly supported transgender plain-
tiffs in Title VII discrimination cases (e.g., Smith v. City of Salem 2004) and
under Title IX (e.g., Whitaker v. Kenosha Unified School District 2017). At the
national level, Barack Obama’s administration took many executive actions
that improved the policy landscape for transgender people. For instance, the
Social Security Administration (2016) made it easier for transgender people
to amend their records and the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment (2012) developed a gay and transgender- inclusive equal access r ule
for all of its programs.
Although there have clearly been political and policy setbacks to the
transgender movement, such as the 2016 passage of HB2 in North Carolina,
these episodes have sometimes led to important political gains for the move-
ment. For instance, after the passage of HB2 some Democrats in the North
Carolina House of Representatives recanted their previous vote in support
of the measure (e.g., Richardson 2016). Other Democrats in the state sen-
ate, who walked out rather than cast a controversial vote (B. Smith 2016),
grew in their resolve to protect the LGBT community by later working to
successfully repeal the measure in 2017 (Doran 2017). Interestingly, many
Democrats who voted against the repeal of HB2 did so because it effectively
returned policy to where it existed prior to 2015 and did not go far enough in
protecting transgender and gay people from discrimination (Jarvis, Camp-
bell, and Bonner 2017).
Even some Republican moderates now openly support transgender
rights or at least attempt to block legislative harm to transgender people.
For example, during Texas’s special legislative session in the summer of 2017,
a copycat version of HB2 was introduced and championed by social con-
servatives and the lieutenant governor. Yet the bill was ultimately scuttled
by the Republican Speaker of the House, a relative moderate by Texas stan-
dards (Montgomery and Fernandez 2017). We saw a similar backlash by
Republican elected officials when President Donald Trump “tweeted” that
he was going to ban transgender troops in the military (May 2017). Many
Republican members of Congress, a group not normally known for its warm
embrace of transgender rights, balked at this abrupt policy change and the
manner in which it was announced. Included in this group, surprisingly,
were conservatives like Senator Orrin Hatch (R- Utah) and Senator Rich-
ard Shelby (R-Alabama). In the background of much of this strengthening
resolve by Democrats and some Republicans is the increasing support for
transgender and broader LGBT rights in the business community. Certainly,
in the case of HB2 in North Carolina and the blockage of similar legislation
in Texas, this was decisive (Montgomery and Fernandez 2017; Katz 2016).
This support is a sign of important political progress for transgender rights
given the position of privilege, access, and power that business enjoys in
American politics (Lindblom 1977).
The movement achieved these cultural advances and policy changes de-
spite the difficulties in identifying the relatively small number of trans people
(Meier and Labuski 2013; Combs 2014) and despite widespread discrimina-
tion, poverty, and violence experienced by a large portion of the transgender
community (Grant, Mottet, and Tanis 2011). This is a remarkable achieve-
ment in a majoritarian political system where public policy often favors
those with important political resources that the transgender community
lacks: access, money, and voters (Olson 1965; Schlozman 1984; Gilens 2012).
In this book, we explore the rise of the transgender rights movement and
examine how it is operating so successfully despite its marginalized status
within the current political opportunity structure. This book’s central ques-
tion can be described succinctly as “how are they doing that?” To begin to
answer this question, we first review foundational concepts of social move-
ments and discuss the concept of transgender in order to better understand
the nature and origin of the transgender rights movement.
Introduction to Social Movements
Social movements are “collective attempts to promote or resist change in a
society or a group” (Benford 1992, 1880). Movements can be regional, na-
tional, or global in scope and they might focus on political, religious, or
social lifestyle issues. They can call for large or small changes in society. Some
movements might focus on change in individuals rather than change in social
or political structures. Movements can focus on broad agendas (e.g., the civil
rights movement) or single issues (e.g., drunk driving reform). Social move-
ments are commonly classified as revolutionary (e.g., Islamist movements)
if they seek fundamental structural changes or reform oriented (e.g., the en-
vironmental movement or the gay rights movement) if they seek to modify
existing social structures. Reform movements do not existentially threaten
existing social institutions. Both revolutionary and reform movements may
spawn countermovements (e.g., the Christian Right) that seek to preserve
existing social practices and institutions (Benford 1992). Social movements
are composed of individuals that sympathize with the movement, those that
directly participate in movement activities, and social movement organiza-
tions that coordinate and structure activities, strategies, and tactics. In social
science, we commonly call social movement organizations interest groups
or pressure groups. These organizations are linkage groups that translate the
interests of citizens to policymakers.
Research on movement formation finds that social movements form
from a complex set of historical, cultural, and structural conditions. Macro-
structural factors include the political opportunity structure, degree of po-
litical repression, existing indigenous organization, and state intervention
into private spheres of life (Benford 1992). Political opportunity structure is
broadly defined as “the institutional features or informal political alignments
of a given political system” (McAdam 1995, 224). It can include factors such
as the structure of government, the rules for decision-making, the strength
of institutions, and the rules for political participation. Aspects of the politi-
cal opportunity structure might be static, such as the institutional structure
of government. It can also feature dynamic aspects, such as the way that
political elites are divided or the presence of crises or focusing events (e.g.,
Smith and Fetner 2010). The opportunity structure describes how receptive
and vulnerable the political system is to social movement protest (McAdam,
McCarthy, and Zald 1988). A receptive or vulnerable political system en-
courages the development and survival of social movements and their social
movement organizations (Meyer and Imig 1993).
Successful social movements provide a “proof of concept” effect in pro-
test cycles that encourage other movements by signaling responsiveness in
the system (e.g., Tarrow 1989). For example, the advances of the civil rights
movement clearly encouraged mobilization of the feminist movement in
the 1960s and 1970s (Minkoff 1997). Conversely, when political opportuni-
ties decline, fewer groups form. Existing groups and movements can waste
away. In this regard, the external environment constrains the number of
organizations that are active in the political system (Gray and Lowery 1996).
Related to opportunity is threat. Perceived threats can contribute to social
movement formation and activity. Groups often mobilize in response to
new threats or disturbances to the status quo (Truman 1951). Smith and
Fetner (2010) note that political opportunity as an analytical tool has been
criticized as being too vague and too broad because the varied contributory
factors comprise most things external to the organization and they are of-
ten identified after the fact. However, Meyer and Minkoff (2004) note that
structural factors clearly affect policy related outcomes. Within the public
policy literature, the importance of political opportunity structures and the
factors that affect them are commonly given significant attention (Button,
Rienzo, and Wald 1997; Kingdon 1984). For instance, Benford (1992) notes
a bell-shaped relationship between regime repression and collective action.
Up to a point, repression can spur movement participation. However, as
repression tactics become increasingly severe, the cost of participation can
become too high. The scale of repression might also vary by the power of the
group (Tilly 1978). Relatively weaker groups are more likely to be strongly
repressed while collective action by stronger groups is facilitated. For ex-
ample, Fording (1997) demonstrated that urban unrest in the United States
during the 1960s only benefited African Americans in cities where they also
had access to the ballot box. Powerless groups tend to be ignored if they have
low levels of collective action.
Beyond the political opportunity structure, another important factor in
developing social movements is the spread of information. Preexisting or-
ganizations can provide communications networks and provide an avenue
for issue framing. They also can mobilize resources necessary to sustain a
movement. For example, churches in the African American community
filled these important roles during the civil rights movement (Morris 1984).
Similarly, evangelical churches and conservative pastors played a role in the
countermobilization of the Christian Right (Wald and Calhoun- Brown
2010). Globalization also aids in the spread of information and values, re-
sulting in increased economic, cultural, and political interconnectedness
across nations. Movements can learn from collective action in other nations
and in other regions. This is furthered by the communications revolution
and technologies like the Internet (Benford, Gongaware, and Valadez 2000).
Another factor that has promoted the rise of social movements is the
increased role of the state. In industrialized societies, states have intervened
into private domains of life to address perceived public problems, including
aspects of sexuality and gender roles, which previously had been considered
private matters. The socialization of conflict in previously private realms was
both inspired by the development of social movements like the feminist,
environmental, and gay rights movements and was motivational to these
movements (Tarrow 1994). These so- called new social mo vement (NSM)
oriented forms of collective action are often organized around the expressive
goal of identity and on autonomy (Johnston, Larana, and Gusfield 1994).
This perspective arose because of the inability of Marxist analysis to explain
social protest that was not related to capitalist exploitation (Buechler 1995;
Tarrow 1994).
Additionally, a common culture can be an important factor in social
movement formation. It consists of the “shared mental worlds and their
perceived embodiments” (Jasper 2010, 60). Among other things, it is found
in the jokes, speeches, clothing, lifestyle choices, performing arts, rituals,
events, visual symbols, texts, buildings, and memorials in a society that con-
vey meaning (Jasper 2010). Culture provides a sense of commonality and
promotes shared worldviews (Benford 1992). It shapes how we understand
the world and interpret events (Faderman 1991). Culture affects our cogni-
tive processes. Our emotions, which are “stances and reactions to the world
that express how it matters for us” (Jasper 2010, 80), are in part grounded in
cultural understandings as well. Shared economic activity, cultural expecta-
tions, legal status, and political status are not sufficient to create a shared col-
lective identity. It requires shared experiences and emotions from those posi-
tions (Jasper 2010). Further, morality is in part grounded in culture. Moral
shock can occur when events or actions fail to meet culturally informed
expectations. This can facilitate social movement formation. Violations of
values are one of the ways that conditions are transformed into problems
that force themselves onto the policy agenda (Kingdon 1984). A sense of
common culture can also spur social movement participation when there are
minority cultural grievances against a dominant culture. At the microlevel,
individuals can use relevant group frames or narratives to interpret events
(Conover 1988).
Indeed, social movement organizations are actively involved in the pro-
cess of framing through the use of rhetorical tools such as narrative, symbol-
ism, and metaphor (Chong 1991). They tell stories of cause and effect, and
identify villains, victims, and heroes (Stone 2012). The goal is to bring move-
ment and individual interpretations into congruence via frame alignment
(Chong 1991; Snow et al. 1986; Stryker 2000). The nature of these align-
ment strategies can affect tactics, the ability to form alliances, and access
to the policymaking processes (Polletta and Jasper 2001). Further, framing
helps to solve the recruitment and sustainment dilemmas that are required
for social movements and their organizations to flourish (Chong 1991). By
using various strategies and tactics, social movement organizations find a
way to differentiate themselves from similar organizations (Gray and Lowery
1996). As Haider-Markel (1997) notes in his study of gay and lesbian rights
groups, organizations might avoid direct competition with allied organiza-
tions through the development of issue niches (areas of specialization) while
still pursuing some shared goals.
Effects of Social Movements
Social movements can lead to varying degrees of social and political change.
Depending on the particular movement and its effectiveness, these changes
might be seen at the individual, institutional, cultural, or political level. Yet,
identifying these outcomes is difficult because some changes might not oc-
cur until well after the period of strong social movement activity (Benford
1992). For instance, the American feminist movement failed to ratify the
Equal Rights Amendment, but its activity altered the social and legal sta-
tus of women in ways that are still changing today— in 2015, for example,
women became eligible for all combat positions in the U.S. armed for ces
(Tobia 2015). Such gender equality was not present and rarely demanded
during the height of feminist activity in the 1970s. Additional challenges
to assessing the impact of social movements include causal attribution, af-
fect stability, goal adaptation by movements, interrelation of effects, and
unintended effects (Giugni 1998). Benford, Gongaware, and Valadez (2000,
2724) contend that assessment of movement impact includes examining “ex-
plicit and implicit goals, the direction of those goals, and the intended and
unintended outcomes of attempting to reach those goals.” However, move-
ment participants may have different goals and priorities (Giugni 1998, 383).
Further, notions of success in goal achievement are relative. Different move-
ment participants can interpret success or failure in different ways.
Several authors have examined ways to assess movement outcomes.
Gamson (1990) noted that challenging groups might gain acceptance along
two dimensions, as legitimate representatives of interests and through the
introduction of new advantages. Together, these two dimensions yield four
potential outcomes: (1) full response (complete success); (2) preemption (ad-
vantages without acceptance); (3) co- optation (acceptance without advan-
tages); or (4) collapse (complete failure). Alternatively, Amenta, Carruthers,
and Zylan (1992) identify three types of success: membership in the polity,
co-option or recognition from opponents or the state, and concessions for
the movement. In their study of the nuclear freeze movement, Rochon and
Mazmanian (1993) looked at success in terms of policy change, changes in
the policy process, and changes in social values. Changes in social values
contribute to how political problems are defined, prioritized, and how the
political agenda is set. Social values affect what is possible. In addition to
having an indirect effect on policy change, changing social values is some-
times “a goal in its own right” (1993, 77). Nonetheless, political or policy
outcomes are often used as measures of success (McCammon et al. 2001)
even though social movements may be more effective in producing cultural
change rather than structural change (Benford 1992). Indeed, changes in
public opinion can serve as a movement goal (Giugni 1998). However, as
noted by Rochon and Mazmanian (1993), changes in the policy process are
also valuable to social movements. For example, increased requirements for
public consultation can affect policy decision-making.
Social movement success may be related to the movement’s resources
(e.g., time, organization skills, and money) and its ability to mobilize those
resources (e.g., McCarthy and Zald 1973). Gamson (1990) argued that
single-issue groups are more successful than those who seek to address mul-
tiple concerns. Additionally, bureaucratized groups lacking factions are more
successful. Further, movements that can deploy selective incentives are more
likely to succeed. Controversially, movements that employ disruptive tactics
might be more successful (Gamson 1990). Finally, one cannot understate the
impact of the political context that a movement faces (e.g., Kitschelt 1986),
including mass public opinion (Giugni 1998). It mediates the impact that a
movement can have, and the political context has a large determinant on the
possible outcomes (Amenta, Carruthers, and Zylan 1992).
In this book, we focus primarily on public policy as a measure of success
for the transgender movement because of the pervasive influence of public
policy on the lives of transgender people (e.g., Spade 2015). In particular,
we concentrate on policies where the intended outcomes directly target or
directly affect the transgender community, or both. Prior to 1990, there were
few transgender-positive policies. As such, we document most policy change
in this realm as a measure of success for this social movement. Of course,
we also acknowledge that changing public opinion or the broader culture,
or both, are goals of some social movements and explore these factors in
chapters 2 and 3. Indeed, changing the public’s views about gender and its
relevance are goals of the transgender movement (e.g., Currah 2006). How-
ever, as policy scholars, we view public opinion and culture as inputs in
the broader public policy process (Kingdon 1984). Indeed, public policy is
affected by the social, political, economic, cultural, and governmental con-
texts in which it is made (Kraft and Furlong 2015). From this perspective,
we regard the transgender social movement, and the individuals and the
organizations (interest groups) that comprise it, as informal actors in the
policy process. Like other organized interests, they are pursuing policy goals.
the transgender movement became increasingly intertwined with the
far larger gay and lesbian movement. Therefore, we are interested in how
the transgender movement and the gay and lesbian movement became al-
lies. This advocacy coalition (Sabatier and Weible 2007) pressed for policy
changes in a host of domains and across many jurisdictions. Often, they
battled an opposing coalition, the Christian Right (e.g., Wald and Calhoun-
Brown 2010). Like many policy scholars (e.g., Mooney and Lee 1995), we
believe that policymaking in this area is informed by morality politics. How-
ever, it is also possible that when the scope of conflict over transgender rights
policies is contained, the contours of policymaking can and will be altered
(Haider-Markel and Meier 1996). Thus, we are interested in how the trans-
gender movement makes demands on the political system and which venues
and which political actors are targeted. We explore the opportunities and
hurdles that transgender advocates face across each of the branches of gov-
ernment and at different levels of government in the federal system. In short,
this book seeks to explain how the transgender rights movement, despite its
small size and political marginalization, has been able to secure a remarkable
amount of transgender-inclusive policy in just a few decades
Yet, before turning to those subjects, it is important to first review the con-
cept of transgender and the origins of the transgender movement. Sex and
gender are complex topics that are interrelated and central to the concept
of transgender. Sex and gender are also confused with each other. Indeed,
it is common in public and legal discourse to use the words interchange-
ably (Currah and Minter 2000). Historically and in the standard North
American cultural view (Dettwyler 2011), sex has referred to the binary cat-
egorization of individuals based on biological factors such as chromosomes.
However, not all individuals fit a binary definition of biological sex because
chromosomes, hormone production, or hormone receptors may be atypical
(Dettwyler 2011). Yet, despite prominent criticism from the intersex move-
ment, most individuals are forced into the categories of male and female
(Fausto-Sterling 1993). I n the early 1900s, the word “sex” referred to male
and female and the traits associated with men or women. It also encom-
passed their sexual behavior, with the understanding that “[t]he desires and
practices known as masculine and feminine seemed to spring from the same
processes that divided male and female” (Meyerowitz 2002, 3). However,
this understanding of sex evolved over time. Research, such as Alfred Kin
sey’s work on sexual practices and Margaret Mead’s examination of sex roles,
helps to distinguish between biological sex, sexual behavior, and gender.
Broadly speaking, gender describes the social and cultural differences as-
cribed to one’s sex. Gender is something that is developed via interactions
with others across situations and over time (West and Zimmerman 1987).
Butler (1990) notes that gender is performative. Gender shapes expectations
of clothing, behavior, societal roles, and even sexual relationships. These
rules for gender can change over time and across societies. For instance, as of
2015, women could serve as combat infantry in the U.S. Army (Tobia 2015),
but were not allowed to drive a car in Saudi Arabia.
Most individuals adhere, to varying degrees, to the societal rules and ex-
pectations of gender. If they are born male or female bodied, they largely ad-
here to society’s expectations for men or women. Their gender expression, the
outward manifestation of masculinity or femininity, or both, is in confor-
mance with societal expectations based on their assigned sex. Of course, sex
is assigned when babies are classified as male or female according to external
genitalia (Bishop and Myricks 2004). Additional clues about an individual’s
sex can be found in the secondary sex characteristics (e.g., breasts or facial
hair), hormone levels, reproductive organs, and genetic makeup (Greenberg
1999). However, some people are gender variant because they break the cul-
tural rules that are associated with gender. Others have a gender identifica-
tion that does not align with the other markers of sex. These individuals may
or may not express their gender in a societally conforming manner.
Gender identity is the internal sense of being male or female (Bullough
2000). It is a continuum rather than a dichotomy (e.g., Eyler and Wright
1997), and is another marker of one’s sex. While a person’s gender identifica-
tion is influenced by how society constructs gender, it is likely “hardwired
into the brain at birth” (Rudacille 2005, 292). When a person’s gender iden-
tity is not congruent with the other markers of one’s sex, that person might
be described as transgender. Transgender refers “to individuals whose gender
identity or expression does not conform to the social expectations for their
assigned birth” sex (Currah, Juang, and Minter 2006b, xiv). However, it is
an informal term without a precise conceptual definition (Combs 2014).
Understandings vary by time and place, and by different academic disci-
plines. In the United States and in many other Western nations, transgender
is thought of as a “collective political identity” (Currah, Juang, and Minter
2006b, xv). It is an umbrella term that encompasses many different identities,
including gender queer, those who cross-dress, and transsexual individuals.
The gender queer reject the binary gender system and offer “a third gender
or non-gendered identity and presentation” (Combs 2014, 233). Individuals
who cross-dress on a temporary basis are sometimes known by the synonym
“transvestites.” These individuals may occasionally adopt the dress of the
opposite birth sex and might have a dual male and female identity (Combs
2014). According to the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and
Statistical of Mental Disorders (DSM-5), people with “a marked incongru-
ence between one’s experienced/expressed gender and assigned gender, of
at least 6 months’ duration” are said to have gender dysphoria (Kraus 2015). 4
People with gender dysphoria may seek varying degrees of medical treat-
ment to bring relief from this condition. Those individuals are sometimes
called transsexuals, but this term is increasingly viewed as archaic.
The origins of gender dysphoria are unclear. Studies have investigated
biological and psychosocial causes (Zucker, Lawrence, and Kreukels 2016).
Among the posited biological causes are prenatal exposure to abnormal lev-
els of sex hormones that affect the development of certain brain structures
relating to gender identity (Zhou et al. 1995; Kruijver et al. 2000). There
are also hypothesized genetic causes (Green 2000; Henningsson et al. 2005;
Bentz et al. 2008). Yet to date, Zucker, Lawrence, and Kreukels (2016) note
that no gene has been found that explains gender dysphoria. They further
state that for psychosocial factors to merit causal status, these factors would
need to explain cross-gender identities in very young children. Otherwise,
psychosocial processes might perpetuate the condition. Additionally, re-
search into psychosocial causes in adults faces challenges posed by retrospec-
tive methodologies.
The prevalence of gender dysphoria is also uncertain. To date, no rig-
orous epidemiological studies have been conducted (Zucker and Lawrence
2009). Extant studies only focus on those who have either received medi-
cal treatment (e.g., Olsson and Möller 2003) or applied for a legal gender
change (Dhejne et al. 2014), and they commonly only address samples
within a single country (e.g., van Kesteren, Gooren, and Megens 1996).
Further, methodological differences, social stigma, and differences in treat-
ment access make meta-analyses of these studies difficult (Cohen-Kettenis
and Gooren 1999). As such, estimates of prevalence vary considerably, from
1:2,900 to 1:100,000 for adults born male and 1:8,300 to 1:400,000 for adults
born female (De Cuypere et al. 2007). In the United States, most studies
rely on limited service provider data and self-reporting because there is little
government-collected data (Zucker and Lawr ence 2009). The most recent
estimates, derived from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s
Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, find that 0.6 percent of the
United States’ population is transgender (Flores et al. 2016). This is nearly
double the size of the previous estimates, highlighting the challenges of self
reported gender identity due to social stigma, changes in societal attitudes
in recent years, and the diverse identities included under the informal term
“transgender.”
Regardless of origin or prevalence, a number of treatments are available
to address severe impairment associated with gender dysphoria. However,
treatment should be highly individualized due to varying personal circum-
stances and degrees of discomfort with one’s gender dysphoria (World Pro-
fessional Association for Transgender Health 2012). Despite the need for
medical treatment and counseling by some portions of the transgender com-
munity, the medicalization and treatment of gender identity related con-
ditions is contentious (Combs 2014). Medical treatments and transgender
health care issues are explored further in chapter 10.
Transgender History and the Transgender Social Movement
A collective transgender political identity developed in the late 1980s and
early 1990s (Stryker 2008), but gender variant people have existed through-
out time and across cultures. Historically, examples include some ancient
Egyptian, Assyrian, and Roman leaders, the twentieth-century jazz musi -
cian Billy Tipton, and many Civil War soldiers who were born female but
served as men. Examples across cultures include the hijras in India and two-
spirit individuals in Native American tribes (Feinberg 1996; Green 1998b).
To varying degrees, these people have faced constraints imposed by gender
expectations that have caused isolating personal struggles. This is compli-
cated by the fact that societies, such as localities in the United States, also
regulated what people could wear by passing laws that forbade crossdressing
(Stryker 2008).
The process of translating these individual struggles with gender into
“socialized conflict” (Schattschneider 1960) has been a long process involv-
ing multiple social movements. These social movements (women, gay and
lesbian, and transgender) sometimes overlap, are sometimes allies, and
are sometimes hostile to each other (Minter 2006; Wilchins 1997, 2004).
Of course, the gay and lesbian movement is often linked with the trans-
gender movement as the LGBT movement, but this is a relatively recent
phenomenon—the incorporation just beginning in the 1990s. Moreover, the
modern gay movement has its roots in the 1969 riots at the Stonewall Inn
(New York City), which by many accounts were inspired by the violent reac-
tions of transvestite patrons of the bar during an aggressive police raid (Fein-
berg 1992; Vaid 1995). In this book, we focus on the transgender movement
but also incorporate discussion of the movement’s overlap with the women’s
movement and the gay and lesbian movement in later chapters.
Important in socializing conflict over gender identity was the scientific
study of sex from the late 19th to the middle of the twentieth century that led
to separation of sex into three separate, but interrelated concepts: biological
sex, gender, and sexuality (Meyerowitz 2002). This medicalized the study of
gender variance and trans identities (e.g., Bolin 1998). Researchers like Rich-
ard von Krafft-Ebing (Psychopathia Sexualis, 1886) and Karl Heinrich Ulrichs
(Researches on the Riddle of Man-Manly Lo ve, a series of tracts published
between 1864 and 1880) were influential in the study of homosexuality and
gender variance. This line of work helped the medical establishment become
arbiters of what is sick or healthy in relation to human sexuality (Stryker
2008). Due to its social authority, the medical profession created “unjust and
oppressive social hierarchies” (Stryker 2008, 36). Treatment providers’ biases
and sexism reflected the dominant culture from the 1960s through the 1980s
(Denny 2006). This affected how treatment providers interpreted the ac-
tions of transsexual clients and, in turn, helped to shape the behavior of their
patients. It further “sustained the Western paradigm that the sexes are oppo-
sitional and differences in behavior, temperament, character, emotions, and
sexual orientation are constituted in biological polarity” (Bolin 1998, 68).
An important pioneer in trans related research was the German researcher
Magnus Hirschfeld. As part of his research on individuals who cross-dress,
Hirschfeld coined the word “transvestite” in 1910 (Stryker 2008, 38) and
developed the idea that each person has a “unique combination of sex char-
acteristics, secondary sex-linked traits, erotic preferences, psychological in-
clinations and culturally acquired habits and practices” (Stryker 2008, 39).
His work would influence colleagues, and his Institute for Sexual Science
served as a hub for research on sexual diversity prior to World War II. No-
tably, one person that was shaped by this work was Dr. Harry Benjamin.
By the 1950s, Benjamin became the foremost expert on transsexuality and
worked extensively with individuals wanting to undergo sex reassignment.
He played an important role in developing diagnostic criteria and treatment
protocols for trans patients.
Additionally, the treatment of transsexualism was enabled by the work
of researchers who developed the understanding of endocrinology and the
effects of estrogen and testosterone (Bolin 1998). Further, advances in anes-
thesia and surgical techniques to alter the genitalia of the intersexed and to
help soldiers injured in both World Wars contributed to the development of
sex reassignment surgeries (Bullough and Bullough 1998). However, while
transsexualism resulted from the surgical and hormonal treatment of gende.
dysphoria, it was not conceptually developed (Bullough and Bullough 1998,
17). Rather, transsexualism was a creation of medical science, with treatment
driving the diagnosis. This concern was reflected in withering criticism of
transsexualism from feminists such as Janice Raymond (1979).
The number of individuals undergoing sex reassignment grew over time,
with the overwhelming majority being male to female transgender persons
(Bullough and Bullough 1998). This growth occurred despite regulatory con-
cerns about doctors being criminally liable for creating mayhem if they per-
formed genital modification on patients (e.g., Stryker 2008). Indeed, due to
the regulatory climate in the United States, many of the medical procedures
in the early years of treatment for transsexualism occurred in Europe. The
most famous such case was Christine Jorgensen, a patient treated by Dr.
Christian Hamburger in Denmark during the early 1950s (Docter 2008).
Unlike in the United States, the Danish Sterilization and Castration Act
of 1935 allowed for removal of genitals to reduce criminality or to provide
relief from psychological disturbances (Bullough and Bullough 1998). The
international intrigue that Christine Jorgensen spawned increased interest
in transsexualism. New patients, particularly males desiring to be women,
came forward. Books were written on the topic, notably The Transsexual
Phenomenon by Harry Benjamin (1966). He also popularized the term trans-
sexualism through his lectures on the topic (Bullough and Bullough 1998).
By the mid- 1960s, large university medical centers in the U nited States
began to open gender identity clinics with a significant focus on research
(Denny 1992). The first center, at Johns Hopkins University, was funded
in part by the Erickson Educational Foundation, an organization started
by Reed Erickson, a wealthy female- to-male trans person (Bullough and
Bullough 1998). The gender identity clinics normally contained interdisci-
plinary teams of doctors, therapists, and psychologists who worked with
trans patients, but few had specialized training in transsexualism because the
field was new. Access to their experimental care was also tightly regulated
(Denny 1992).
The clinics maintained strict protocols that funneled certain types of
people on the path to sex reassignment, but surgical treatment was denied
to most. As noted by Denny (2006, 176–77), you had to be a “good” trans-
sexual who manifested gender dysphoria at a young age, played with gender
inappropriate toys, failed as a member of your birth sex, and had to pass
as a member of the desired sex. The sexual orientation of patients was also
sometimes a determinative factor in treatment decisions. This attitude con-
tributed to recognized transsexual paths with rigid expectations and rites
of passage (Bolin 1988). Because of the rigid expectations, some transsexual
individuals used deception to gain access to care. Transsexuals accepted for
treatment were also expected to not socialize with other transsexuals, creat-
ing a barrier to movement formation (Denny 2006). Bornstein (1994) de-
scribes how treatment protocols encouraged transsexual patients to create
false histories and lie about their pasts in order to disappear into society
after treatment. Individuals not accepted into the university-based gender
identity programs were often left with illicit treatment options. They formed
small communities of transsexuals who shared knowledge about treatment
(Denny 2006).
Meanwhile, groups of crossdressers started to form in the 1950s and
‘60s (Stryker 2008). There was a movement to “redefine transvestism as a
synonym for heterosexual male cross-dressing” (Stryker 2008, 49). As such,
many of these groups explicitly barred gay or transsexual individuals, or
both (Stryker 2008). A key pioneer in this culture was Virginia Prince, a
trans person who transitioned to a female social role, but eschewed sex re-
assignment (Meyerowitz 2002). Prince started a long-running crossdresser-
focused magazine called Tranvestia and the Foundation for Personality Ex-
pression, which would later be named Tri-Ess. With this platform, Prince
openly campaigned against sex reassignment surgeries and tried to convince
trans individuals to avoid that path (Meyerowitz 2002).
Prior to the 1990s, the terms “transgender” and “transgenderist” were
used by individuals like Virginia Prince and Ari Kane to describe those who
permanently changed their social genders (unlike crossdressing), but who
did not envision medical sex reassignment (transsexuals) (Stryker 2008, 123).
However, the current meaning of transgender grew out of separate com-
munities of transsexuals and crossdressers in the mid- 1980s and early ‘90s.
In 1984, the first large organization for cr ossdressers and transsexuals was
formed, the International Foundation for Gender Education (Denny 2006).
It published the journal Tapestry (later, Transgender Tapestry Journal). Other
combined transsexual and crossdresser groups formed with their own small
newsletters. These groups and their publications provided a forum to discuss
problems with treatment options, models of gender variance, and intercom-
munity differences (Denny 2006). Among the important differences that
needed to be bridged were those between the homosexual and heterosexual
trans communities (Frye 2000).
In a seminal article published in Tapestry and Chrysalis Quarterly, Holly
Boswell (1991, 30) put forth transgenderism as a “bridge of consciousness be-
tween crossdressers and transsexual people who feel unnecessarily estranged
within our own subcultures.” Boswell’s conception of transgenderism em-
phasized androgyny and defiance of binary cultural norms of gender. Her
article put forth models of transgender identity, including the advanced
crossdresser, the androgyne, and the pretranssexual person. Leslie Feinberg’s
1992 publication Transgender Liberation: A Movement Whose Time Has Come
brought this new conceptualization of transgender into the political sphere
(Stryker 2008). Feinberg’s Marxist interpretation discussed oppression and
how trans people were subjected to cruelty. It also called for unity among
trans people and harkened back to earlier uprisings, such as Stonewall. Led
by activists such as the late Lou Sullivan and FTM International successor
Jamison Green, a small but growing female-to-male transgender community
was also becoming more prominent (Green 1998; Cameron 1996).
In addition, several scholars, such as Judith Butler (1990) with her con-
ceptualization of gender as performance, created space for transgender
within academic circles and contributed to how transgender people under-
stood themselves (Stryker 2008). Queer theory was one such field (Wilchins
2004). Additionally, Sandy Stone (1991) produced a touchstone book chap-
ter for transgender studies with The Empire Strikes Back: A Posttranssexual
Manifesto. This work was an important rebuttal to feminist scholar Janice
Raymond’s attacks on transsexualism. It noted that transsexual invisibility
and passing led to inauthentic relationships and lives. Stone called for trans-
sexuals to be open about their lives.
Bolin (1998) described the revolutionary changes that this concept of
transgender had on trans communities since her earlier work (1988). There
now were more than two possibilities, and people were found all along the
gender spectrum. Kate Bornstein (1994, 8) highlights this sentiment:
I know I’m not a man— about that much I’m v ery clear, and I’ve
come to the conclusion that I’m probably not a woman either, at
least not according to a lot of people’s rules on this sort of thing. The
trouble is that we we’re living in a world that insists we be one or the
other—a world that doesn’t bother to tell us exactly what the other is.
Activists like Riki Wilchins (1997) were exploring ways to undermine the
gender binary. While the transgender movement contains many identities
with different experiences, its participants share an interest in the fight for “a
right to gender self-determination” (Currah, Juang, and Minter 2006b, xvi).
In addition to the undermining of binary gender concepts, Bolin (1998)
argues that changes in the societal role of women were a significant factor in
the development of the transgender concept. These changes have occurred
in both the economic and social spheres. Changing standards of beauty have
allowed more androgynous or muscular female body shapes to be viewed a
attractive and acceptable. This has opened more space for male- to-female
trans people to “pass” as the other sex.
Another factor that led to the rise of the transgender movement was
the closure of most university-affiliated gender treatment centers during the
1980s. This, combined with the already strict requirements for acceptance,
left many transsexual individuals without options for treatment (Bolin 1998;
Denny 2006). However, non- university-affiliated treatment centers soon
filled the v oid. These centers placed greater emphasis on their transsexual
patients (Denny 1992) and had more flexible gender expression and identity
requirements (Bolin 1998). As businesses, they were incentivized to provide
care to cash paying customers. Many transsexuals also realized that disap-
pearing into the woodwork was unacceptable and difficult, if not impos-
sible. For instance, Lynn Conway, a computer scientist at the University of
Michigan, found that she could not escape her earlier career as an engineer
at IBM, even after decades of living quietly in stealth (Hiltzik 2000). This
also happened to the model and actress Caroline Cossey (Nichols 2016).
While Cossey’s outing occurred before the rise of the World Wide Web, the
Internet has made it easy to do background checks on individuals. Attempt-
ing to live in stealth leaves one in constant fear of the devastating financial,
social, and emotional effects of being outed.
Another important factor in the development of the transgender move-
ment was the creation of transgender conferences such as Southern Com-
fort, Be All You Can Be, Texas T-party, and California Dreaming (Frye
2000; Wilchins 2016). One might also include the numerous support
groups that met in many locations around the nation. Preeminent trans-
gender activist Riki Wilchins (2016) notes that while conferences, like
Southern Comfort, are not political by design, they are political in nature
because they bring marginalized people together. Jamison Green (2016)
touched upon this theme as well when he discussed the importance of the
first conference for transgender men in 1995 on subsequent organizing in
the female-to-male community. Wilchins (2016) said, “It is hard to see that
trans is just a personal issue when there were so many other transgender
people there.” Jamison Green (2016) added that the female-to-male trans-
gender community learned a lot fr om the male-to-female support groups
that often gathered. Of course, some transgender conferences were politi-
cal by design. It was at the International Conference on Transgender Law
and Employment Policy that the International Bill of Gender Rights was
adopted in 1993 (Frye 2000).
Finally, movement development was aided by the communications revo-
lution between the late 1980s and the 2000s (Frye 2000). From the old com
puter bulletin board systems where transgender people could trade informa-
tion, to closed systems like Compuserve and America Online, to the later
open Internet and its many webpages, improved communications made
the diffusion of information easier and cheaper. It allowed individuals to
search for information despite the social stigma attached to transsexualism
or transgender identities. It gave scared and isolated individuals a feeling of
anonymity to do research, to try out identities in online spaces, and to learn
about treatment options. It let them know that they were not alone (Frye
2000). These services also allowed transgender individuals, such as Andrea
James, to share information without the filters of doctors, therapists, and
other gatekeepers.5 Chat rooms like The Gazebo, started by Gwendolyn Ann
Smith, or Donna’s Den, put isolated transgender individuals in contact with
one another (New York Times 2015). As a result, more transgender people
began to come out (Frye 2000). The Internet would also be an important
factor in transgender organizing (Shapiro 2004). Wilchins (2016) called the
Internet “a facilitator” that helped to rapidly advance the organizing that
had already started.
Discussion and Outline of the Book
The prior review provides a foundation for understanding the recognition
and growth of transgender people and the transgender movement in the
United States. In the chapters that follow, we more closely explore the rise of
the transgender movement. We examine how a relatively small collection of
individuals and groups came to have considerable political and policy suc-
cess at such a rapid pace.
In chapter 1, we examine the rise of transgender as a political identity
(Bornstein 1994; Feinberg 1998; Wilchins 1997; Murib 2015), social move-
ment (Currah, Juang, and Minter 2006a; Stryker and Whittle 2006), and
interest group system (Nownes 2010). We highlight the importance of trans-
forming trans identities from a psychiatric/medical condition to a political
movement (Minter 2006). Additionally, we address the history of organized
transgender activism (Stryker 2008), the initial exclusion of transgender peo-
ple from the gay and lesbian rights movement (Minter 2006), and the long
road to inclusion under the umbrella of the LGBT rights movement (Taylor
and Lewis 2014). Drawing from interviews with leading LGBT activists and
some current and former elected officials, our argument posits that the alli-
ance with the gay rights movement occurred for several reasons, such as the
HIV/AIDS crisis, and this has significantly boosted transgender rights.
n section II, we turn to the role of public attitudes in transgender rights
and politics. We provide insights about public attitudes on transgender
rights by incorporating findings from three national public opinion polls
administered in June 2015, October 2015, and June 2016. These surveys were
authored by a team of researchers from across the country and funded by the
University of Toledo, the University of Kansas, UCLA’s Williams Institute,
and Ohio University. The scholars joining us on these chapters are Barry
Tadlock, Andrew Flores, and Patrick Miller. These public opinion scholars
were important collaborators in our previously published polling research.
In addition, Tadlock was a major contributor to our edited volume, Trans-
gender Rights and Politics: Groups, Issue Framing, and Policy Adoption (Uni-
versity of Michigan Press, 2014). The chapters in this section shed new light
on public attitudes toward the transgender community and transgender
rights policies.
Chapter 2 provides a comprehensive descriptive exploration of public
opinion toward transgender people and related policies, filling an important
void in the literature. The survey data used in this chapter covers general
feelings toward transgender people and transgender concepts. It also assesses
public support for a wide range of relevant policies, such as gender-identity-
inclusive protections against discrimination in employment and public ac-
commodations, allowing military service by transgender individuals, and
policies about public restroom usage by transgender people. Where appro-
priate, we also compare this to acceptance levels for gay and lesbian individ-
uals. Further, we explore attitudes about preventing bullying of transgender
students in public schools and public funding of sex reassignment surgeries
via social programs, among other issues. Finally, we examine public support
for policies that enable transgender people to change their sex on govern-
ment documents and public support for transgender political candidates.
Chapter 3 explores the underlying factors that shape public attitudes on
transgender issues. Research on attitudes toward gay rights generally finds
that views are shaped by individual characteristics, values, psychological
traits, and experiences such as contact with gay people (Brewer 2003, 2008;
Olson, Cage, and Harrison 2006; Haider-Markel and Joslyn 2008; Lewis
and Gossett 2008; Herek 2002; Lewis 2003). However, very few studies have
examined whether, and how, these factors affect attitudes toward transgen-
der rights. Based on existing theoretical frameworks, we explore the charac-
teristics, experiences, and values that underlie these attitudes with data from
our three surveys on transgender rights. In particular, our analyses focus on
contact theory, political knowledge, political identity, religion, psychological
traits (e.g., authoritarianism), and individual demographic characteristics
In section III, we build on earlier research to examine transgender poli-
tics within different institutions to understand the growth of transgender
rights based on political opportunity structures. This includes addressing
transgender rights in direct democracy contests, in legal and judicial pro-
cesses, and within legislative and executive branches of government. In the
American context, federalism is also at play given that the fifty states, each
with their own tripartite structure of government and diverse publics, have
great latitude to create laws or policies that can hinder or advance trans-
gender rights. States can also empower their localities to pass transgender-
inclusive policies or prohibit them from doing so. Conversely, state officials
might seek to thwart the actions of the national government.
Chapter 4 focuses on transgender politics within American legislative
contexts. We employ and examine systematic data on when and how trans-
gender issues have reached the political agenda of state and national legis-
latures. We also address the fate of these proposals over time. In addition,
we dive deeper into the legislative process by providing a case study of a
transgender-inclusive law that was passed by Congress.
Chapter 5 examines policymaking in the courts and the litigation-based
strategies used by the LGBT movement. Joining us in writing this chapter
is Jason Pierceson, a noted expert on LGBT issues in the judiciary. Here we
connect transgender rights litigation to the larger LGBT movement and
demonstrate that the typical critique of litigation-based movements is exag-
gerated. Indeed, given higher levels of challenge to binary conceptualiza-
tions of gender and the social ostracism experienced by transgender people,
litigation may be essential for the creation of transgender policy. Based on
interviews with activist lawyers, documents from litigation organizations,
and an examination of legal documents, this chapter examines the reasons
for this use of and recent turn to litigation.
Chapter 6 examines the role of the executive branch in the advancement
of transgender rights. Joining us in writing this chapter is Mitchell Sellers,
an important contributor to our previous edited volume and an expert on
executive power in the states. We analyze bureaucratic rulemaking on trans-
gender rights issues as well as presidential and gubernatorial use of unilateral
powers to understand the current framework of transgender protections that
arose within the executive branches of the nation and the states. In doing
so, we advance work by Sellers (2014b) on the strategic use of transgender-
inclusive ex ecutive orders by governors. The analysis includes interviews
with leaders in national and state LGBT rights organizations, agency of-
ficials, and former Delaware governor Jack Markell (2009–17). Further, this
chapter chronicles the myriad regulatory advances made on the federal and
state levels, with particular emphasis on changes made during the Obama
administration.
Chapter 7 explores the role of direct democracy institutions, such as bal-
lot initiatives and referendums, in the fight for transgender-inclusive policy.
These institutions provide another venue for policy advocates to pursue their
goals. However, the literature on direct democracy highlights the poten-
tially negative impact that these institutions may have on minority rights
(Haider-Markel et al. 2007; Lewis 2013). When public opinion aligns against
a particular minority group, governmental systems with direct democracy
institutions may increase the probability of passing antiminority legislation
compared to purely representative systems. This chapter assesses the effects
of direct democracy on transgender rights policy by examining local ballot
measures. We explore how LGBT groups and their political opponents have
used these institutions and examine how policy development in this venue
compares to policy outputs from representative governments.
In section IV, the final section of the book, we more closely examine
specific policy areas relevant to transgender people, looking at both victories
and the challenges for the future. We discuss the current state of transgender
public policy (as of February 2018) and examine its controversies. In these
short chapters, we highlight key issues in several policy domains.
Chapter 8 leads the discussion by examining the importance of legal
forms of identification in American society. For instance, verification of
one’s identity might be required to gain access to public education, to vote,
to obtain a marriage license, or to travel on airlines. While these everyday
interactions are of little interest to most people, they are highly significant
for many transgender individuals (e.g., Davis 2014). This chapter addresses
trends in administrative regulations for securing driver’s licenses, birth cer-
tificates, passports, and other critical governmental documents.
Chapter 9 provides an account of several major nondiscrimination policy
areas: employment, public accommodations, housing, and credit. We ex-
amine the executive actions by the Obama and Trump administrations, the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, and related court decisions. Of particular impor-
tance is the Supreme Court’s ruling in Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins (1989)
that made gender stereotyping a prohibited form of sex discrimination un-
der Title VII. We also detail the dramatic 2016 repeal of the ban on trans-
gender service members and its potential future. Beyond federal policy, we
review current state laws in each policy area. This section also includes state
court decisions and executive orders that cover gender identity in public
employment. In addition, we address local transgender- inclusive laws and
their implementation under home rule regimes
Chapter 10 examines the evolution of gender- identity-related medical
issues and addresses associated health care policies. Joining us on this chap-
ter is Ryan Combs, another contributor from our previous volume and an
expert on health policy. It begins with the exclusion of transgender related
medical or psychological treatment under most private insurance policies
in the United States. As a result, many transgender individuals are often
unable to obtain treatment given the costs associated with various therapies
(Currah and Minter 2000; Dasti 2002). We explore trends in this area along
with changes that facilitated greater transgender access to health care under
the Affordable Care Act. The chapter also addresses public programs such as
Medicare and Medicaid (e.g., Dasti 2002; Minter 2003).
Recent attention to the recurring legal fights over accommodations and
transgender K-12 students provides the introduction to chapter 11. We then
turn to federal law, particularly Title IX and related case law (e.g., Miles v.
New York University 1997). The chapter also examines state laws prohibiting
discrimination in education as well as state and local antibullying policies.
Beyond K- 12 education, we addr ess transgender identities in college and
university settings. We discuss related trends, such as installing unisex bath-
rooms and gender-neutral housing, and w e examine student records and
privacy concerns. Finally, we address the increasingly common, yet highly
controversial, issue of transgender people in athletics.
Chapter 12 examines transgender identities in the context of criminal
justice policies and practices. We begin with discussion of the victimization
of trans people in bias- motivated crimes and examine r elated transgender-
inclusive hate crime laws at the national and state level. We then turn to the
interactions of transgender people with the criminal justice system, beginning
with police-transgender relations. Subsequently, we address transgender issues
in federal and state prisons and cover relevant case law (e.g., Fields v. Smith
2011; De’lonta v. Angelone 2003; De’lonta v. Johnson 2013). The discussion in-
cludes incarceration policies, such as confinement with prisoners of the oppo-
site gender or the placement of transgender inmates in administrative segrega-
tion. The chapter highlights policies and court decisions regarding treatment
for a transgender prisoner’s gender-identity-related medical issues.
Our concluding remarks in chapter 13 draw out the themes and lessons
from the previous chapters. Our focus is on reinforcing the notion that there
is great difficulty in creating a coherent policy framework for transgender
identities in America’s federal system. However, this fragmented policymak-
ing system has also allowed transgender individuals to register surprising
gains despite their limited resources, which is partly the result of the framers’
intentions in dispersing power within the federal system.

n post-Soviet Georgia, gender equality discourse often excludes transgen-
der and gender variant persons. Despite women’s rights NGOs starting up
in Georgia in the 1990s, transgender issues remain relatively unaddressed,
and discussion about gender variance is rare.
The emergence of LGBT organizations in Georgia since 2006 has not
guaranteed inclusion of transgender persons or the specific issues of con-
cern to them. Even though transgender persons (transgender women, to
be precise) sometimes appear in the media, the depictions of them have
tended to be sensationalist and exploitive. These depictions may boost
ratings for the show, but they do nothing to facilitate understanding of
transgender people or their experiences. Media images tend to perpetuate
gender stereotypes and exclude those transgender identities that fall out-
side of the categories “male” and “female.”
There is still a great deal of fragmentation among transgender people in
Georgia; it would be difficult to consider that there is a transgender “com-
munity.” Very recently, there has been some movement in organizing
transgender activism by transgender persons who have begun to assert
a transgender agenda for those organizations working on LGBT issues.
We now have some information on transgender persons living in Geor-
gia as a result of two studies published in 2012 and 2015 by the Women’s
Initiatives Supporting Group (WISG), the first organization to start focus-
ing specifically on the transgender community and on transgender issues
at the grassroots and advocacy levels (Gvianishvili 2012; Gvianishvili
2015). These needs assessment studies offer baseline data on the situation
and problems faced by transgender persons living in Georgia. Results of
the research show that transgender persons experience discrimination in
nearly every aspect of their lives. According to the 2015 study, transgen-
der persons (a) report having experienced physical violence because they
are transgender; (b) feel constantly under psychological pressure; and
(c) believe their labor rights are regularly violated (Gvianishvili 2015).
This research shows that transgender persons feel that the obstacles they
face and their particular concerns are not being adequately addressed by
the state.
In the two year period between 2012 and 2014, important legislative
changes took place in Georgia. The “Law on Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination” was adopted, as was the “National Human Rights Strat-
egy and Action Plan.” Moreover, homophobic and transphobic bias was
covered as an “aggravating circumstance” in the Criminal Code of Geor-
gia. However, there is weak implementation of these laws, and transgen-
der people struggle to gain legal gender recognition. In addition, there is
no official regulation of the process of transition, and medical expenses as-
sociated with transition are not included in the national healthcare plan. 1
The situation leaves transgender persons with a painful dilemma when
it comes to gender expression in public spaces. Those who choose to begin
the transition are confronted with great financial and medical challenges.
For example, there are great costs associated with hormone replacement
and other procedures, and there is the risk of facing discrimination and
physical violence, especially when transgender people produce their
identification cards that show biological sex but not gender. On the other
hand, those who refuse to undergo the transition, and who “appear” with
a gender expression consistent with their biological sex, struggle with per-
sistent psychological stress, which often has somatic consequences.
In this chapter, I summarize the experiences of transgender persons liv-
ing in Georgia, which is based on in-depth interviews I conducted with
nine people who self identify as transgender. My summary also references
my earlier research, a study titled “Situation of Transgender Persons in
Georgia” (Gvianishvili 2015). I also describe the public representation of
transgender persons as depicted in several Georgian television shows. I ar-
gue that gender in Georgia is generally understood in biologically determin-
istic terms, which is reflected in the law and in societal attitudes. I analyze
how determinist perceptions of gender, as well as violence and discrimina-
tion, work as restrictive mechanisms that affect the self-representation and
self-perception of Georgian transgender persons. I also trace the relatively
recent emergence of transgender persons in Georgian public space, an
escribe the transgender “community,” which is marked by fragmenta-
tion, has limited access to information about gender and sexuality, and
is subject to public humiliation by tabloid media. They are also subject
to openly xenophobic politicians and other public figures who invoke
fear-mongering images of transgender women to discredit political oppo-
nents or ideas, such as Georgian integration into the European Union. My
chapter concludes with a description of how transgender activism is in the
process of becoming a part of broader gender activist struggles
Findings from the 2015 WISG study reveal that most of the interviewees
(nine out of fourteen) claimed that they had experienced physical violence
due to their gender identity and/or gender expression at least once in their
life (Gvianishvili 2015). All respondents stated that they had regularly ex-
perienced psychological abuse from strangers, friends, and family mem-
bers. This violence and abuse—expressed in various ways, from fairly
subtle to the most extreme—seems to be rooted in the belief that the pres-
sure will work to “correct” the transgender person’s behavior, and lead
them, for example, to wear clothes “appropriate” to their biological sex.
The research suggests that the workplace is a particularly important set-
ting for psychological abuse, with co-workers and/or employers overtly
expressing homophobic and transphobic att itudes and beliefs. For the
transgender respondents in the study, this has had profound eff ects on
their emotional states. For the most part, respondents have experienced
physical violence at the hands of strangers, and relatively rarely from
friends and family members, who have been the main sources of their
psychological stress. Even in cases where family members have not ob-
jected to their transgender children’s coming out and have tried to support
them, most have perceived the gender identity of their transgender child
and/or family member as something abnormal. In the context of a society
that consistently tries to place gender variant persons in either a “male”
or “female” box, the level of stress experienced by transgender persons is
very high, and it is nearly constant. According to the 2015 WISG study, the
average index of depression in the group was 25, a rate that is higher than
the acceptable index of 16. 2 The highest indexes (45 and 39) belonged to
two respondents who had suff ered clinical depression and were in treat-
ment at the time of the research (Gvianishvili 2015).
As noted, the lack of a quick, transparent, and accessible procedure by
which a transgender person can have their gender legally recognized is
enormously challenging. Established practice in Georgia requires a per
son to provide proof of “full gender reassignment surgery” in order to
have their gender changed on official documents.3 The process is challeng-
ing. Another obstacle that transgender persons face as a group is access
to medical services necessary for the transition, such as hormone therapy
and different types of surgical operations, especially mastectomy or breast
implants (Gvianishvili 2015). For transgender women willing to undergo
breast implant surgery, the process is expensive but fairly straightforward.
Those who have breast implant surgery go directly to a plastic surgeon
for the procedure. The situation is more complicated for transgender men
because a clear medical indication (e.g., a tumor) is required in order for a
physician to perform a mastectomy. “Transitioning” is not recognized as a
legitimate medical indicator for mastectomy. In addition, the Ministry of
Labor, Health, and Social Affairs has no protocol or guidelines to enable
a medical doctor to prescribe hormone therapy for a transgender person.
As a result of these obstacles and the high costs associated with super-
vised hormone treatments, most transgender persons in Georgia who are
in transition find other ways to acquire the hormones they need. As they
are not under the supervision of medical professionals, they follow the
advice of friends and fellow transgender activists from other countries in
terms of the quantity and frequency of hormone medications.
Beyond mastectomies, other types of surgical and medical interven-
tions associated with the transition are not prohibited by Georgian law,
and nor are these procedures regulated. Thus, a decision about whether or
not to provide these surgeries or other medical interventions is left to the
discretion of individual doctors and clinics.
For gender reassignment surgery, plastic surgeons require a statement
from a sexologist, which will serve as a basis for performing the operation.
In Georgia, this statement is called the “true transsexual statement.” In
established practice, this means the document is issued by the sexologist
after a minimum of a year of observation, and includes interviews with
psychologists, psychiatrists, and sexologists. It also means undergoing
various types of hormonal and chromosomal tests and ultrasonography
examinations. Although insurance does not cover expenses accrued in
order to obtain the certificate, and despite it requiring a long-term invest-
ment, most respondents in my study considered the process and the re-
quirement of the medical statement as necessary and helpful in the devel-
opment of their own self-confidence (Gvianishvili 2015).
As noted, neither the state nor private insurance cover any of the
abovementioned procedures. Most transgender persons simply cannot
afford the medical procedures that accompany the process of transition.
Also, information about healthcare services specific to transgender people
is sporadic; one cannot find good information from one central source. In
part, this is due to the fact that transgender people’s rights are often placed
outside of the legal framework. Despite this, some transgender people liv-
ing in Georgia manage to start the transition and bring their physical ap-
pearance more in harmony with their gender identity, although the tran-
sition is not necessarily complete. Partial transition brings them spiritual
comfort, and affords them the chance to more easily integrate into society
and to feel less vulnerable to transphobic attacks.
Transgender persons in Georgia live in a grey zone. Their identities are
not recognized by society, and access to the services they need is limited.
They are highly stigmatized, which puts them at risk of unemployment
and poverty. In turn, poverty means access to the health services they need
is less likely, and their chances of gaining legal recognition are slim. Since
the idea of a spectrum of transgender identities is not acknowledged, peo-
ple find themselves forced to choose between one sex or the other, which
may lead to a hasty or unwise decision to undergo undesirable and/or un-
necessary medical interventions, including sterilization. Transgender per-
sons recognize that they face violence, abuse, and discrimination—forces
that constitute a form of pressure that can lead them to act as cisgender
men or women.
Media Representations of Transgender Persons
The media plays a key role in reproducing the idea of only two genders,
and thus that transgender is abnormal. Since most schools do not cover
the subject of gender and sexuality, the media becomes the only public
source of information on these issues. As noted, the information provided
by the media can be inaccurate, stigmatizing, and sensationalizing. Due to
economic and cultural factors in Georgia, very few LGBT persons dare to
come out. As a result, very few appear on television. Therefore, there is lit-
tle positive visibility, and a great deal of negative association with lesbian,
gay, bisexual, and transgender people and their lifestyles.
Among all LGBT persons, transgender women have appeared on Geor-
gian television more than gay men or lesbians; no transgender men have
appeared on television. The representations of transgender women on
these shows tend to be voyeuristic, promising viewers a chance to see
what “a man in a dress” looks and sounds like. Those who appear on
these shows are given financial compensation by the networks.
The only two mechanisms available to provide networks with ethical
guidelines on handling LGBT persons and issues are the Georgian Char-
ter of Journalistic Ethics, which is not legally binding, and self-regulating
policies developed by particular media organizations. Most journalists
and talk-show hosts have learned that explicit use of homophobic and/or
transphobic language will likely result in an o fficial complaint to the net-
work from human rights NGOs. The consequences for the network and
for those responsible for the programming are minimal.
As noted by the activists I interviewed, the media in Georgia portray
transgender persons in very problematic ways by focusing on stereotypes;
they do not enable interviewees to meaningfully explain what it means to
be transgender or to explain gender dysphoria. The media, they say, sim-
ply prey on scandal. In what follows are examples from three talk show
programs in which transgender women appeared. As my description re-
veals, these programs, which purport to offer “balanced” perspectives by
including transgender women, tend to reproduce dominant homophobic/
transphobic discourse.
Sabi Beriani, a 20-year-old transgender woman, appeared on the talk
show Profili in 2011. It was produced by Rustavi 2, one of the two main-
stream television channels in Georgia. Throughout the show, the host con-
tinuously referenced Sabi’s “real”—male—name and identity, contrasting
it to her constructed femaleness—the way she “looks” as if she were a
woman. The host asked Sabi to talk about her childhood. Who did she
like to play with? Girls? When did she realize she “wanted to be a girl”?
Sabi responded by talking about her “underlying innate femininity,” and
her heterosexuality. She did not refer to herself as a transgender woman.
Instead, she talked about herself as a heterosexual woman, revealing what
some may call a gender-traditional mindset and heteronormativity. For
example, she stated that she could never offer sexual relations to a man
before she became a “complete” woman, and described her personal in-
terests and att ributes as a mix of the qualities of the perfect housewife
and the temptress. On the show, Sabi talked about enjoying housekeep-
ing and cooking. The talk-show crew fi lmed her preparing khachapuri, a
traditional Georgian dish, while Sabi told her interviewer that a woman
should make her man understand that she will not be faithful unless he
is strong enough to “hold” her. Even as she depicted herself in the most
stereotypical ways, Sabi also came across as assertive and comfortable
with her own decisions. For example, Sabi was firm in her decision to
have children, explaining that she planned to adopt a child, and expected
be a great mother. She also described how, when she began to undergo
the transition, she did not hesitate to appear in public according to her
gender identity (female), regardless of how she may have appeared to oth-
ers. There were moments of poignant honesty, such as when Sabi spoke
about her diffi cult relationship with her mother, and when her cisgen-
der friend spoke about their friendship in the most open and accepting
of ways.
The next example is from 100 Degrees Celsius, a popular show on Imedi
TV that is known for encouraging its guests to degrade themselves in
front of the camera. In one episode, aired in 2012, Kesaria Abramidze, the
first ever transgender woman to come out in Georgia, appeared with Sabi
and with Leri Bekauri, a gay man. Kesaria is a model who had previously
appeared on numerous other television shows, in photo shoots, and in
newspapers and magazines; Leri had also appeared on several television
shows. The show in which all three appeared together revolved around
a “cat fight” between the two transgender women, set up to prove which
of them was the more “authentic” woman—a dynamic that was crafted
by the producers of the show. In between, Leri off ered his own interjec-
tions: “[Sabi] might be a transvestite ... but is definitely not transgender.”
Likewise, Kesaria stated that Sabi is a “psychological” deviant who “looks
like a man with jewelry.” A segment on surrogacy followed the interview,
which included the director of one of the largest fertility clinics in Georgia
as one of the guests. It also featured Kesaria’s journey to India to fi nd a
surrogate mother for her future child. Considering that, in Georgia, peo-
ple tend to be reactionary when it comes to LGBT issues and surrogacy as
a means of providing same-sex couples with “babies they will inevitably
corrupt,” it is not surprising that this episode did a great deal to push back
LGBT issues in general, and transgender issues in particular.
In 2015, an equally “scandal-oriented” show featured a transgender
woman. The show Skhva Rakursi (also on Imedi TV), featured Bianka Shig-
urova, a frequent guest on Georgian television. In the studio and in her na-
tive village, Bianka told her story, including how neighbors had physically
assaulted her, forcing her to leave the village. The show’s host constructed
a narrative of dysfunction and misfortune, explaining Bianka’s “condi-
tion” as a result of her experiences of neglect and abuse, including that she
had been raped by a male neighbor at the age of eight, and that as a teen-
ager she was “forced” to do domestic (woman’s) work. The underlying
message of the narrative was that Bianka is “really” a man whose gender
identity had been derailed by a miserable, unhappy life. In contesting the
host’s narrative, Bianka insisted that she has a very “traditional” mindset
when it comes to women’s and men’s roles; she even made a homophobic
remark to emphasize the point. The most humanistic moment in the show
was a short interview with Bianka’s grandmother, the only family member
who had not rejected her.
In November, 2014, Sabi was murdered. Various media outlets, in-
cluding online and mainstream television news, picked up the story. The
first broadcasts described the murder of “a young man, who allegedly
belonged to the LGBT community.” Later, when it became clear that the
victim was a 23-year-old transgender woman who had appeared on television
several times, reporters referred to the victim by her male name,
or as “a young man.” Only a very few outlets referred to the victim as
“Sabi,” her preferred name, or bothered to interview activists involved in
LGBT issues, and linked the murder to the problems faced by transgender
persons, including their dehumanization by those who fear difference. For
example, the Kurieri PS news program, on the network Rustavi, human-
ized Sabi in their reports. “Another woman was murdered in Tbilisi,” they
reported, acknowledging Sabi’s gender identity and att ributing her mur-
der to “raging femicide” that had taken the lives of thirty-three Georgian
women in 2014. They also interviewed activists and a professional expert
who spoke about problems and obstacles that transgender people face in
Georgia.
In 2014–15, Identoba, a human rights organization in Georgia, made
two short fi lms that provided alternative representations of LGBT per-
sons. One was a documentary of Bianka’s story, done in a sensitive way—
not degrading or stigmatizing. Another was a short feature titled Red
Dress that tells the moving story of a mother who comes to support her
transgender daughter. These productions were following an important
shift in policy by producers of Profi li, mentioned earlier, and one of the
most famous, mainstream Georgian talk shows. In 2015, Profili began to
focus on social issues and to shy away from the tabloid format.
Thus, while the visibility of the transgender community is important,
the way it is presented and portrayed generally does not advance under-
standing, and results in more misinformation. At best, this results in hos-
tility, and at worst, in injury and even death. Talk show hosts and journal-
ists are themselves ignorant about gender identity and the problems that
transgender persons face in their daily lives. When interviewing transgen-
der women, talk show hosts tend to take on the aura of a person who is
afraid to catch a disease, and also tend to adopt a tone of pity
The general hostility towards transgender persons—which includes sym-
bolic and real violence; failing to understand the social and economic
difficulties they face; stigmatizing media representations; and the lack of
accurate information about sexuality, gender construction, and gender
identity—contributes significantly to the isolation of transgender persons
in Georgia. It is noteworthy that in the past, very few transgender persons
had access to nongovernmental organizations working on LGBT issues,
such as the Inclusive Foundation (established in 2006) and the Women’s Ini-
tiatives Supporting Group (WISG). More recently, new organizations have
emerged that focus on outreach and on creating and distributing original
and translated information on transgender issues. As a result, something
like a transgender community has begun to emerge. In June 2015, WISG
offered work space and other resources to a small group of transgender
activists looking to mobilize and build what they hoped would be a trans-
gender community. Since that time, the group has been meeting regularly,
working on awareness raising, exchanging experiences, choosing people
to represent Georgian transgender at various international events, and
planning activities, such as collecting a set of transgender narratives (writ-
ten stories and essays), and creating an exhibit dedicated to them.
The nine transgender activists I interviewed offered their perceptions
of the current status of the transgender community, and their visions of
what transgender activism in Georgia should look like. Five respondents
believe there is a “community,” which they describe as a “family” and as
constituting “a different world” where people understand each other, ac-
cept each other, and where they can stand together in their difference. For
one transgender man, the community is a “safe space” that off ers a sense
of solidarity among its members. For another, the community constitutes
a group of people who have specific goals. One respondent noted that the
community is made up of members of a “family,” who share the common
experience of “being trapped in the wrong body,” of feeling a certain “ha-
tred” for this body, and of knowing the stigma that results (20-year-old
Genderqueer respondent).
Two activists believed that the notion of a transgender “community”
has its pitfalls. As one respondent noted, “There should be no such thing
as transgender community” (or any other community) because creating
separate communities is divisive, and enhances segregation from the rest
of the society.
Whether or not the group constitutes a cohesive “community,” there is
consensus among the nine activists that well-informed and trained trans-
gender persons can best represent transgender issues. There is also agree-
ment that transgender activism should focus on the following issues:
psychological and legal empowerment of transgender people, increasing
positive visibility, combating violence, and informing wider society about
transgender issues, including providing accurate information on the phe-
nomenon of transsexuality.
Only one respondent mentioned that activism should also use more
“atypical” tools such as “fun and cross-dressing.” Another respondent
mentioned that transgender activists should not employ propaganda but
should focus on “behaving like normal people.” Overall, there is an under-
standing among transgender persons that they need to take their time to
shape the specific agenda for transgender activism. There is consensus on
the importance of continuing to use the resources offered by WISG, while
remaining primary decision makers about the structure of the group, the
topics to address, and the activities to carry out.
Conclusion
In this chapter I have described the situation for transgender persons, and
traced the origins of transgender activism, which is at an early stage. A
clear political transgender agenda has yet to be put forth in Georgia. It
is difficult to talk in terms of a transgender “community,” which at best
might be described as fragmented. In the Georgian context, it is not sur-
prising that there is no cohesive transgender community, given the high
level of violence and discrimination that transgender persons in Georgia
experience. On the level of the individual, these social conditions lead to
suppression in everyday representations of gender self-perception, which
is more intense for transgender women than for transgender men. In turn,
suppression and silencing constitute an obstacle to transgender political
organizing.
Georgian society’s general lack of knowledge about the issues of gen-
der and sexuality is nurtured by the exclusion of these topics in the ed-
ucational system and by highly biased representations in the media. In
the context of this hostile environment, the seeds for future transgender
activism are being planted. This is best represented in the emergence of
a transgender group that has been meeting on a regular basis since June
2015. Their first effort has been to build solidarity among transgender per-
sons, and to claim agency in representing itself rather than allowing cis-
gender activists to address transgender issues. Even so, these transgender
activists recognize the importance of alliance and solidarity, as transgen-
der issues are tied to a broader gender rights agenda in the country, an
agenda that is gaining traction. It is likely that the coming years will see
more favorable ground for empowered transgender activists to demand a
transgender-sensitive agenda alongside other social and civil rights move-
ments in Georgia.

Grand Valley State Uni-
versity celebrated Transgen-
der Day of Remembrance on
Monday, Nov. 13. To high-
light the national holiday,
Susan Stryker was brought in
by the Milton E. Ford LGBT
Resource Center to give a
keynote lecture on transgen-
der issues and history.
Stryker, whose lecture
began at 4 p.m., was in-
troduced by assistant pro-
fessor Cael Keegan of the
liberal studies and women,
g ender and sexuality stud-
ies departments. Having
known Str y ke r before her
visit to GVSU, Keegan was
a natural can didate to give
her introduction.
Keegan said he was
greatly influenced by
St ryker's work and was
grateful for her role as a
mentor in his life.
"It's not often that yo u're
gi ven the opportunity to
introdu ce someone wi th -
out whose work your own
would not exist;' Keegan
said. "Susan's work and
mentorship has not only
been invaluable to me but
ha s been the very precondi-
ti on for my intellectual life:'
Highlighting the mean-
ing a nd re as on behind
Transgender Day of Re-
membrance, Keeg an spoke
in his introduction about
the role memory plays in
remembering transgender
lives that were lost too early.
''A remembrance is an opportunity to think carefully
about the work of memory
and what it can do-how we
might want to use it, change
it, share in it;' Keegan said.
" To reorganize our collec
 ive consciousn ess and rear-
range our public affects:' -
In addition to speaking
about the role of memor y,
Keegan said Transgender
Day of Remembrance can
also be a space for theoriz-
ing what our country and
world would look like if
transgender people were
not lost at the rate in which
they currently are.
"Transgender Day of Re-
membrance is a time during
which we traditiona ll y mark
the premature loss of trans-
gender lives due to violence;'
he said. "In this context, a re-
membrance is a time we set
aside to consider what has
gone missing and what our .
world might be like without
such empty spac_es:'
In his introduction of
Stryker, Keegan said her
work has made it pos-
sible for himself and other
transgender people to both
understand and think criti-
cally about their culture
and history, which can of-
ten by erased by society.
"Dr. Stryker has made
enormous contributions to
uncovering, documenting,
theorizing and represent-
ing transgender histories
and cultures in a manner
that has made my own life
and the lives of transgen-
der people more possible to
sustain;' Keegan said.
Stryker, who has won nu-
merous awards for her work
in transgender studies, in-
cl uding an Emmy Award for
her document ary, "Scream-
ing Queens: Th e Riot at
Compton's Cafeteria;' gave
a reading of an introductory
section from her upcoming
book as her keynote.
"The thing that I'm going
to present tod ay is the fi rst
dra ft of the opening section
of the book that I'm working
on, 'What Transpires Now:"
Stryker sai d. "I want to say
that it's intended that it be
kind of a slightly more poet-
ic, lyrical take on the themes
I'm working on in a more ex-
pository prose style through-
out the rest of the book:
Stryker also said she was
trying to navigate the space
between the heightened
awareness of transgender
issues and issues of racism,
and explore if and how
they work together.
"I really think it's im-
portant right now, in this
moment in history, there
are two things that are up
at the same time;' she said.
"There's this incredible at-
tention to transgender issues
in media, culture and poli-
tics right now. I'm also try-
ing to pay attention to, now
in this moment, as there's
so much trans, what else is
going on? The other thing I
see being so completely up is
questions about race:'
As the notion of explor-
ing the similarities between
racial issu es and transgen-
der issues is relatively new
and po tentially miscon-
strued, Stryker was ada-
mant in stating that she was
not attempting to compare
the two issues but simply
analyzing how they may
work together. Stryker also
said she was open to - dia-
logue about the piece a nd
welcomed crowd fe edback.
"There is something very
exploratory and experimen-
t al about what I'm trying to
do;' she said. ''I'm very open
in a non-defensive way to
hear from the audience ifI try
something that just doesn't
work for you. Bring it, and let
me learn from that:

here are approximaTely 700,000 Transgender people in the Unit-
ed States (Gates, 2011). According to the 2010 U.S. Census Bureau,
10,279 people have gone through a name change as well as a change
in sex coding; of those people 7,106 were male-to-female transgender
people and 3,173 of them were female-to-male transgender people (Cen-
sus, 2010). The demographic breakdown for this population was 89.46%
Non-Hispanic, 83.14 % White, 10.54% Hispanic, 6.66% Black, 3.59%
two or more races, 3.17% some other race, 1.91% Asian, 1.28% Ameri-
can Indian and Alaskan Native, and 0.26% Native Hawaiian and Pacific
Islander (Census Bureau, 2010). In 2010, there were a total of 2,503 hate
crimes reported against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT)
individuals; 59.5% of those hate crimes included incidents of violence
or harassment (Lombardi et. al, 2008; NACVP, 2011). The transgender
population faces a rate of discrimination 1.74 times higher than the cis-
gender community (Miller, 2015; NACVP, 2011). Forty-seven to ninety-
one percent of transgender people report facing a form of psychologi-
cal or physical abuse throughout their lives; of those people 38%–70%
reported the physical abuse occurring while they were under 18 years
old (Nemoto et. al, 2011; Witten, 2008). Twenty-three to seventy percent
of transgender individuals do not report instances of violence or abuse
committed against them (Witten, 2008). One reason that victims under-
report these crimes is that 17%–40% of police refuse to file reports
or do not classify the incident as a violent hate crime (NACVP, 2011).
Transgender people who have had experiences with physical violence
were 3.7–7 times more likely to experience police violence and 1.4–1.7
times more likely to continue experiencing harassment and threats of
physical and sexual violence throughout their lives (NACVP, 2013). This
paper aims to present and critique the conceptual model, the intersec -
tional ecology model (IEM) of LGBTQ health, outlining the nature of
stressors that transgender people face and their effects on their mental
health
The IEM of LGBTQ health takes elements from the social cognitive
theory, the Lazarus model of stress and coping, four conceptual frame-
works taken from the Institute of Medicine (IOM) report, and a wellness
approach to LGBTQ health in order to come to one main idea. The fo-
cus of the IEM is to demonstrate the ways in which a heteronormative
society can create and perpetuate a hostile environment for members of
the LGBTQ community, negatively impacting their health (Mink, Lind -
ley, & Wienstein, 2014). The IEM refers to LGBTQ groups as distinct
sexual orientation and gender identity groups that occur within society.
When discussing transgender people the IEM refers to them as people
who carry gender-variant identities and expressions (Mink et al., 2014).
The IEM is made up of two major components: a social context and the
stress cycle.
Social context is the way in which stigma from the dominant culture
can affect sexual and other minority groups as well as the ways in which
stigma from sexual and other minority groups can affect each other
(Mink et al., 2014). The dominant culture demonstrates traits which be-
long to the hegemonic environment; these traits, in turn, can influence
an individual and the minority groups with which an individual identifies.
When considering LGBTQ individuals, heteronormativity is considered
the dominant culture in society (Mink et al., 2014). When discussing the
IEM’s relationship with social context, more aspects of an individual’s
identities are discussed along with the ways in which their identities can
impact their health or daily lives.
The relationship of the IEM and social context contains the rela -
tionship between stigma and an individual’s minority status. Minority sta-
tus refers to people who are members of a group that has less access to
resources due to the distribution of power in society (Mink et al., 2014).
Stigma can be summarized as the negative connotations and the lower
status associated with the marginalized groups when compared to the
majority (Mink et al., 2014). Stigma occurs because of society’s fear and
judgment of others due to their differences in relation to the privileged
groups in society. When experiencing the negative stressors of stigma, in
addition to stigma that may result from race or ethnicity, it’s important to
recognize where the stressor originates from to further understand how
it impacts one’s health.
An individual’s intersecting identity plays a role in their interactions
with others. The ways in which institutions affect the unequal control
over society’s goods and resources affect the lived experiences of racial
and ethnic groups (Mink et al., 2014). Racial and ethnic experiences of
LGBTQ individuals are affected by the ways historical and social expe-
riences of their class, gender, race, ethnicity, and geographic location
have interacted with each other (Mink et al., 2014). The idea of class
structures comes from institutional practices and policies that create
ways in which society engages in the unequal treatment of others, which
affects the intersectionality of class and LGBTQ identity (Mink et al.,
2014). Stigmatized groups and individuals are misrepresented by soci -
ety, which creates incorrect expectations of those groups that can cause
them harm. The IEM focuses on the ways in which the stress cycle is
perpetuated and how it affects the LGBTQ community.
The IEM’s stress cycle includes concepts taken from the transac-
tional model of stress and coping and adds four contributions to that
model. The IEM introduces the circular effect in which outcomes influ-
ence future stressors, tailored constructs for greater validity within the
LGBTQ population, attribution with the appraisal process, and coping
behavior factors that help explain someone’s coping methods into the
stress cycle (Mink et al., 2014). The IEM focuses on stressors that affect
the LGBTQ population at greater rates than other stressors.
The IEM finds that the stressors unique to the LGBTQ commu-
nity include social stigma, social isolation, risk for discrimination, social
avoidance, risk for coercion to change, runaway phenomenon, possible
prostitution for economic survival, hypervigilance and self-monitoring,
poorly developed dating skills, increased indiscriminate sex, self-hatred,
low self-esteem, increased alcohol and drug abuse, increased STD/HIV/
pregnancy risk, family rejection and non-recognition, family harassment
and violence, feelings of sinfulness, possible limited police protection,
risk for violence and abuse, positive role model deprivation, throwaway
phenomenon, impeded same-sex friendships, feelings of inferiority, lack
of appropriate social network, increased depression and suicide risk, pos-
sible employment loss, and possible eating problems in males (Mink et
al., 2014). The IEM finds that traditional stress-related assessment tool
that were used in most previous research did not measure these unique
stressors. Valid and reliable instruments need to be created in order to
measure stressors that affect the LGBTQ population (Mink et al., 2014).
Next, the IEM contributes an appraisal construct to the original model.
In LGBTQ individuals, the appraisal construct is dependent on the
connection between a stressful event and a discriminatory cause; the cor-
relation between those two factors determines the degree to which the
event can be viewed as a threat and leads to the ways in which others
can examine the coping capabilities of the individual (Mink et al., 2014).
Coping resources are the mechanisms that an individual uses in order to
cope with stressors that they find threatening (Mink et al., 2014). When
discussing coping mechanisms that individuals use, the IEM separates
them into positive and negative coping mechanisms, as well as explains
the reasons as to why each of those mechanisms is used.
Positive coping mechanisms consist of things that deal with stress by
getting to a meaningful resolution. In LGBTQ individuals, positive cop-
ing mechanisms can include activities that allow the individual to achieve
a positive self-identity and adjust in a positive psychological manner
(Mink et al., 2014). Negative coping mechanisms that an individual may
use include activities that can cause harmful effects or outcomes and do
not eliminate stress for that individual (Mink et al., 2014).
The IEM discusses reasons behind an individual’s choice of cop-
ing methods that would ignore the long-term health outcomes of that
method over the usage of a different method. In order to explain why
certain methods are favorable over others, the IEM looks at the effec-
tiveness, duration, and cost of different coping methods available to an
individual (Mink et al., 2014). Effectiveness is defined by how well the
method gives someone an immediate relief of stress without consider-
ing the long-term effects of the used coping mechanism (Mink et al.,
2014). Duration and costs are defined by the resources required and the
amount of effort an individual needs in order to engage in that particular
coping strategy (Mink et al., 2014).
In order to study the correlation between health and health status,
the IEM focuses on the relationship between the health of LGBTQ in-
dividuals and how their health status is affected. The central argument of
the IEM is that the negative health outcomes that appear in sexual mi-
nority individuals are not due to the characteristics that they possess but
rather due to the environment they inhabit (Mink et al., 2014). The nex
component of the IEM is the stress cycle which repeats itself through-
out the course of an individual’s life, demonstrating that negative health
outcomes and stressors maintain an ongoing relationship with each other.
Negative health outcomes can contribute as stressors or can create
a higher chance of exposure to previous stressors, which perpetuates
the circle of stress. Characteristics that an individual holds can shape the
ways in which that individual may respond to or cope with stress (Mink
et al., 2014). The IEM groups the individual’s trait variables into fac -
tors they deem unchangeable and others that are modifiable (Mink et al.,
2014). The IEM found that there were certain circumstances in which
the effects of the stressors on the individual’s health would be lessened.
The IEM found that there are some ways the effects of stress can be
relieved. They found that the level of comfort that an individual has with
their gay identity can have a positive effect on their health status (Mink
et al., 2014). The IEM defines gay identity development as the process
in which someone who feels attraction towards members of the same
sex considers themselves a part of the sexual minority group
 This form of identity development consists of four stages:
sensitization, identity confusion, identity assumption, and identity con-
solidation (Mink et al., 2014). These two components of the IEM come
together to form the main point of the IEM.
The IEM was created to meet the need for a complete LGBTQ
health model to demonstrate how the perspectives offered by the IOM
could be used together, and to allow for a framework to discuss the
ways in which individuals, groups, and environmental factors affect each
other (Mink et al., 2014). It shows the ways in which stigma caused by
someone’s sexual minority identity can accelerate the disease process and
perpetuate a stress cycle, and provides a way to conduct future research
on the LGBTQ population (Mink et al., 2014).
The IEM has many strengths as a conceptual model, yet it has a
few limitations. There are currently no tools to measure stressors in the
LGBTQ population as well as no scale of these stressors for the trans-
gender population. There also needs to be more research conducted us-
ing the IEM as the framework in order to test the validity of the con-
ceptual model.
Predictors of Mental Health: Risk and Protective Factors
Stigma is one of the predictors for negative mental health outcomes in
the transgender population. Stigma is defined as the mechanisms that so-
ciety uses to maintain their control over groups of people that they deem
different from the majority (Hughto, 2015). It is highly linked with the
transgender population’s adverse health outcomes because it causes in-
creased levels of stress and restricts those individual’s access to health re-
sources (Hughto, 2015). Stigma manifests itself in many different forms
in society, and one of the forms of stigma that affects the transgender
community is structural stigma.
Structural stigma affects the transgender population in different
ways depending on the systems that the individual is engaged in. Com-
munities, institutions, and governments use structural stigma to maintain
the power and privilege that is inherent to cisgender people, those whose
self-identity conforms with the gender that corresponds to their biologi-
cal sex (Hughto, 2015). Structural stigma has changed not only transgen-
der people, but has also affected the ways in which transgender people
interact with institutions, such as the medical system.
The medicalization of gender nonconformity is one of the ways in
which structural stigma has reinforced the idea that transgender people
are outside of the norm (Hughto, 2015). This movement led to surgical
and hormonal treatments that alters the bodies of transgender patients
so that they could better align with the way they identified in terms of
their gender (Hughto, 2015). This movement also perpetuates the gen-
der binary, which further stigmatizes those who have not or will not
conform to what society expects of them in accordance to their gender
identity (Hughto, 2015).
Structural stigma, in addition to affecting their access to employ-
ment and housing, also affects transgender individual’s health through
policies that restrict an individual’s access to healthcare (Hughto, 2015).
Structural stigma can also affect how transgender individuals are treated
within the healthcare system. Witten (2008) provides these examples:
Billy Tipton comes to mind as [some]one who never accessed
healthcare in his lifetime and probably died prematurely be-
cause of it ... Also, there is Robert Eades who recently died
of medical neglect, after seeking help from at least 20 doc-
tors who refused to treat him for ovarian cancer.
Tyra Hunter, a Washington, D.C., hit and run victim, who
was allowed to bleed to death by an EMT team when they
discovered that she was a pre-operative male-to-female trans-
sexual. The EMT team argued that they thought that she was
gay and had AIDS. (Witten, 2008)
These two instances in which transgender individuals have been mis-
treated by the healthcare system leads some individuals in that commu-
nity to completely avoid the system.
Stigma affects the ways in which individuals interact with the health-
care—and whether to interact with the healthcare system at all. Trans-
gender people often avoid engaging with aspects of the healthcare sys-
tem because of the stigma that is placed on the system by others and the
stigma that the system places on those individuals (Witten, 2008). When
discussing healthcare, transgender people have five main reasons as to
why they would rather avoid the healthcare system altogether: lack of
confidentiality, lack of experience or qualifications of available health-
care providers, need to educate their providers, lack of a safe environ-
ment, and cost associated with the healthcare system (Witten, 2008; Mc-
Cann, 2015). In terms of confidentiality, transgender people often fear
that if they go to a medical practitioner’s office, they would be outing
themselves and would then be forced to deal with the consequences
(Witten, 2008). They feel that it isn’t safe to go to the practitioner’s of-
fice because of the risk of outing themselves; therefore, the healthcare
system isn’t able to provide these individuals a safe environment. In the
words of one individual: “I spent about 10 years lying to doctors and
getting inappropriate treatment ... I was convinced that I would be in -
stitutionalized if I told the truth” (Witten, 2008). Transgender individu-
als also avoid the healthcare system due to the fear of discriminatory
and prejudiced attitudes and behaviors they feel are carried out by their
practitioners (McCann, 2015). Transgender individuals have found that
many providers in the healthcare system do not understand the needs
of the gender nonconforming community or how those needs can be
met. One transgender individual said: “most physicians are clueless...I
think the physician who prescribes my testosterone knows less than I
do about relevant care issues, blood tests, etc.” (Witten, 2008). Another
problem was that transgender people found the need to inform their
provider about the things that were particular to their experiences as a
transgender person and that would only work if that provider was willing
to allow the individual to educate them (Hughto, 2015). The final thing
that affects transgender individuals, in terms of the healthcare system, is
cost; most transgender people will not use their medical insurance in or-
der to avoid being outed. Trans-related items are not usually covered by
insurance, and therefore, are considered out-of-pocket expenses for the
individual (Hughto, 2015). All of these factors combined not only cause
transgender individuals to avoid the healthcare system but also make it
difficult to access the system.
Stigma affects much more than just transgender individuals’ interac-
tions with the medical system; structural stigma can affect the transgen-
der population in another manner—general policy. Some policies ignore
the needs of disenfranchised groups in order to protect the favored
group, which suggests that the unprotected group is unworthy of the
same protections awarded by the law (Hughto, 2015)
Stigma affects the individual’s psychological processes that shape
the way that these individuals perceive their orientation in relation to
themselves, others, and their environment (Hughto, 2015). Transgender
individuals often choose not to disclose their status if others are not able
to identify them as transgender. When transgender individuals choose to
conceal their identity, it adds stress to their lives, as they wonder when
others may discover their stigmatized identity, or if they are responsible
for disclosing it to others (Hughto, 2015). Concealing their identity can
also limit their ability to use resources allocated to transgender individu-
als or gain support from others in the community (Hughto, 2015). The
different ways that stigma appears in an individual’s life has an effect
on that individual’s mental health and can have an effect interpersonally
rather than just structurally.
Transgender individuals may internalize stigma about transgender
people and therefore conceal their identity from others. Stigma ex -
pressed explicitly can cause identifiable transgender people to deal with
more instances of discrimination and thus experience higher rates of
negative health outcomes than transgender people who are not recog -
nizable to others (Hughto, 2015). If others can tell that someone’s sex,
gender identity, and gender expression are not congruent, they may be
separated from the rest of society (Miller, 2015).
Transgender individuals often face alarming rates of physical and
sexual abuse (Hughto, 2015). In the transgender community, there are
higher rates of physical and sexual assault for individuals who are labeled
as transgender by cisgender people (Hughto, 2015). Cisgender males
have been found to perpetuate physical and sexual assault on transgen-
der victims in order to retain power over them (Hughto, 2015). One
individual shared their experience, saying:
[I was] sexually harassed at the workplace, employer and em-
ployees found out that I was a transsexual, and co-workers
tried to find out if I was really a man or woman by grabbing
at my chest and hair and other body parts. (As cited in Wit-
ten, 2008, p.7)
This was just one instance of abuse. However, transgender individuals
often decide not to report these instances of abuse to others.
When transgender people decide not to report they do so for multi-
ple reasons. Transgender individuals decide not to report the hate crimes
out of fear that the institutions that are supposed to protect them will
only continue discriminate against them (Witten, 2008). One female-to-
male (FTM) individual reported:
Arrested a few yrs ago for possession of cocaine-I was ver-
bally harassed by police (“you mean you have a pussy and not
a dick?”) and forced to pull my pants down in front of 4-5
cops to prove my gender status. 4 yrs ago at a demonstration
cops began beating on me with clubs.
Police verbal: paraded around police station for amusement
- “This guy is really a woman.” Police also informed my em-
ployer of my transsexualism. I had been stopped and asked
for ID - There had been no crime nor suspicion of crime, just
a request for I.D. I had a female drivers license, so I was taken
into custody for proof of identity. Released without charges.
(As cited in Witten, 2008, p. 7)
Because transgender individuals have no one to report these instances to,
the stress cycle is perpetuated.
Another stressor that affects the transgender population’s mental
health is the hate crimes committed against them. Of LGBTQ indi-
viduals, transgender people suffer the most victimization. Transgender
people are twice as likely as other members of the LGBTQ community
to be victims of assault or discrimination and to be seriously injured
during those acts of violence, but least likely to receive medical care af-
terward (Hein, 2012). In 2009, the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd
Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act 18 U.S.C. 249 was passed as a federal
act (Hein, 2012). This was the first law that provides protection for the
LGBTQ population by lengthening the sentences of anyone found guilty
of committing a hate crime (Hein, 2012). This act provides protection to
the LGBTQ community once a hate crime has been committed against
them, but its definition of a hate crime is limited. It defines hate crimes as
violent acts attempted or acts resulting in bodily injury with the usage of
fire, firearms, explosive and incendiary devices, or dangerous weapons,
but it doesn’t include threats of violence or the damage of someone’s
property (Hein, 2012). Out of the states that do protect against hate
crimes, only twelve of those states include gender identity as a basis for
a hate crime (Hein, 2012).
When classifying an act of violence as a hate crime there are certain
things to consider (Hein, 2012). Hate crimes are unprovoked, and the
motive behind a hate crime is generally to harm someone that the per-
petrator views as different from themselves (Hein, 2012). Another way
hate crimes affect communities is by fostering fear in the individuals,
groups, and communities (Hein, 2012). Hate crimes that affect LGBTQ
individuals are different from hate crimes that target individuals from
other marginalized communities due to the support that they receive.
When it comes to LGBTQ victims of hate crimes, support is of-
ten offered to them from individuals who are not necessarily adequately
trained in handling these cases. LGBTQ children who are targeted in
hate crimes often lack family and community preparation (Hein, 2012).
Unlike other hate crime victims, LGBTQ individuals were not warned by
their families of the potential hate crime victimization they may face be-
cause of their sexual orientation or gender identity (Hein, 2012). Victims
of hate crimes who do not receive any support prior to or after the hate
crime, cope with more negative mental health outcomes.
Transgender individuals use their community as a method of cop-
ing with the discrimination they encounter. While the support that an
individual receives from their community does not prevent them from
being victimized, it can provide positive health outcomes as they now
have a positive coping mechanism to use when they are victimized (Hein,
2012; Pflum, 2015). Peer support can repair the outcomes that stigma
and psychological distress have on an individual, validating their resil -
ience (Bockting, 2013).
A support system can help a transgender individual by providing
them with others who can validate their experiences with discrimination.
In regards to transgender women and their interaction with a support
system, it was shown that they were not aware that a community of other
transgender individuals was available to them when they first became
aware of their transgender status (Pflum, 2015). General social support
was found to be linked with lower symptoms of depression and anxi 
ety across the trans female spectrum (TFS) individuals and trans male
spectrum (TMS) individuals, yet transgender community connectedness
(TCC) was only found to lower symptoms of depression and anxiety in
TFS individuals (Pflum, 2015).
The Effects of Stressors on Transgender Mental Health
There are many different effects that a stressor can have on a transgender
individual’s mental health. According to the IEM, the high rates of nega-
tive stressors increases an individual’s chances of developing negative
mental health outcomes. Whether an individual uses positive or negative
coping mechanisms also plays a role in the ways in which the stressors
affect their mental health.
One of the mental health problems arising in the transgender popu-
lation as a result of the stressors they encounter is depression. Nemoto
et al. (2011) found that high scores on the Center for Epidemiologic
Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) were linked to the participants lacking
social support, experiencing higher rates of transphobic experiences, sui-
cidal ideation, or being from low-income backgrounds. That study also
concluded that Latina and White transgender women were more likely
to experience higher rates of depression in comparison to other trans -
gender women (Nemoto et al., 2011). The intersection of these women’s
identities can play a part in the ways that they experience discrimination
and stigma; therefore, it can explain the reasons behind the way these
stressors are affecting other transgender individuals.
The stressors that cause depression in transgender individuals can
affect these individuals differently depending on their ages. According
to Nuttbrock et al., 2010, a longitudinal study of 571 male-to-female
(MTF) transgender persons reported in young participants’ high rates of
depression during their adolescence which markedly decreases as they
aged. The alarming rates of depression ultimately connect to the alarm-
ing rates of suicidal ideation within the transgender population.
Transgender individuals have to deal with a multitude of stressors
that affect their mental health. These mental health problems contribute
as stressors to these individuals’ lives, perpetuating the stress cycle intro-
duced by the intersectionality ecology model of LGBTQ health (IEM).
Another mental health problem that occurs for transgender individu-
als perpetuated by the stressors is suicidal ideation. Many stressors that
transgender individuals face can cause suicidal ideation, and they all af-
fect members of the community differently. Transgender individuals are
overall at a greater risk of suicide attempts and ideation when compared
to other LGBTQ groups, with lesbians being the only group scoring
higher (Mathy, 2002; Herbst, 2007). Mathy (2002) also found that there
was a significant relationship between a transgender individual’s past psy-
chiatric history and the rates of suicide attempts.
One of the stressors that contributes to suicidal ideation or suicide
attempts is physical or sexual violence. Transgender women and men
who have experienced physical violence reported higher rates of sui-
cidal ideation, as well as a history of suicide attempts among transgender
women (Bongar, 2012). In a study conducted by Bongar (2012), rates for
suicidal ideation were higher among transgender women and men who
experienced sexual assault, sexual violence, and rape.
Another factor contributing to individuals’ rates of suicidal ideation
was age. When looking at two different age groups, both groups respond-
ed differently to abuse as a stressor and suicidal ideation as the outcome.
Suicide and abuse rates declined as younger respondents went into post-
adolescence, and declined for older participants as they went into early
young adulthood (Nuttbrock et al., 2010). As the older adults reached
early and later middle age, the rates of suicide and abuse were significantly
correlated (Nuttbrock et al., 2010).
Transgender individuals also reacted differently to stressors based
on whether or not others could identify them as transgender. Miller
(2015) found that transgender people who identify as transgender were
more likely to attempt suicide. The higher rates of suicide attempts in
this population were likely due to the fact that these individuals faced
instances of discrimination on a regular basis (Miller, 2015). The IEM
demonstrates that stigma can affect an individual’s mental health and
lead them to contemplate suicide.
Another effect that these stressors have on a transgender individual’s
mental health is a higher chance of substance abuse and engagement
risky behaviors. Transgender individuals who had attempted suicide also
reported high rates of alcohol and drug usage (Mathy, 2002). Transgen-
der individuals who were identified as transgender by others were more
likely to abuse drugs and alcohol when compared to the transgender
individuals who were able to pass along the gender binary (Miller, 2012).
Transgender individuals all have different stressors that might lead them
to engage in these behaviors as their coping mechanisms.
Bongar (2012) found that transgender men who had experiences
with sexual violence were more likely to abuse alcohol than transgender
women. In terms of drug abuse, the rates were more prevalent in trans-
gender women than men (Bongar, 2012). Transgender women reported
higher numbers of sexual partners, engagement in unprotected sex, par-
ticipation in sex work, or combining sex with alcohol or drugs. They were
also found engaging in higher rates of unprotected sex with sex work
clients (Herbst, 2007). The reasons that transgender individuals resort to
these coping mechanisms vary.
Transgender individuals engage in these behaviors due to the stress-
ors that they face, yet they all gave different reasons for choosing these
methods. Transgender individuals often enter into prostitution or experi-
ence drug usage at young ages due to financial hardships (McCann, 2015).
Herbst (2007) hypothesizes that transgender women use risky sexual
behavior to affirm their identities as women. Herbst (2007) found that
transgender men did not engage in similar sexual behaviors as transgender
women. Transgender individuals responded differently when faced with
hate crimes.
Transgender individuals who had faced hate crimes had different
mental health outcomes than those who had faced other stressors. Hate
crimes have three main consequences on an individual: it destroys an idea
of personal invulnerability, results in a decrease sense of self-worth, and
ruins their concept of the world as logical and reasonable (Hein, 2012).
Besides these, there are many other effects that a hate crime has on a
transgender individual. A hate crime can cause psychological distress, an-
ger, diminished self-efficacy, sleep disturbances, self-blame, victim blam-
ing done by others, internalized homophobia, loss of trust in others, and
suicidal ideation (Hein, 2012).
Corrective rape, rape committed by a heterosexual person against a
LGBTQ individual in hopes of changing their behavior (Hein, 2012), is
the form of rape that has been shown to have the most harmful conse-
quences for the victim (Hein, 2012). Hein (2012) found that among the
survivors of corrective rape, there was an elevated number of individu-
als diagnosed with PTSD. The stress caused by this hate crime leads to
numerous mental health concerns for the individual—which can, in turn,
perpetuate the stress cycle. When these individuals are not seeking treat-
ment for the mental health concerns that are being elevated due to their
stressors, it causes them to seek other methods of coping which leads to
an increase in their stressors.
Conclusion
Transgender individuals face different types of stressors throughout
their lives that have negative health outcomes but traits such as opti-
mism, autonomic reactivity and resilience can relieve these negative ef-
fects. (Mink et al., 2014). Optimism, defined as the tendency to expect
positive or good outcomes when faced with difficulties, helps individuals
because they are more likely to participate in action-oriented problem-
focused coping mechanisms that emphasize positive appraisals in those
stressful situations (Mink et al., 2014). Individuals who have quiet au-
tonomic nervous systems may also be less affected by stress (although
more research is needed to show how reactivity affects the experience
of stress for those individuals) (Mink et al., 2014). Resiliency is defined
as the ability to recover from psychological trauma as well as having a
successful adaptation to challenges or changes (Mink et al., 2014). These
traits, as well as a support system, can change the ways in which these
stressors affect the individual due to the use of positive coping strategies
rather than resorting to negative strategies.
At the University of San Francisco (USF), there are concerns about
the services offered to transgender students, which are similar to the
concerns by the transgender community shown by Witten (2008). When
it comes to using services offered to transgender students, the main con-
cerns are lack of outreach, access, and culturally sensitive staff. Trans-
gender students at USF are not currently aware of the services that are
offered to them by the student body. Often these individuals resort to
using each other as a support system, finding each other through Queer
Alliance (QA) or social media. Transgender students often become aware
of services due to others in their community informing them about those
services, such as Queer Alliance, Counseling and Psychological Services
(CAPS), or gender-inclusive housing. The school, however, doesn’t have
a central location in which these services are advertised to transgender
students; therefore, more methods should be created to share this infor-
mation. One method that the school could use in their outreach would be
to put the messages on social media platforms that transgender individu-
als use with each other. Additionally, while creating messages on these
platforms, it is important to make sure that those messages are culturally
appropriate, achievable through the use of culturally appropriate mes-
sages, like posters that explain pronoun usage, brochures that list all the
available resources to students with contact information for those of-
fices, or marketing off-campus events relevant to transgender individuals.
While USF offers a Gender and Sexuality Center, that location
doesn’t house all of the resources that are offered to the transgender
community. It would be helpful to centralize these resources to one lo-
cation or to have information available about the resources offered at
multiple places on campus. One way in which the information could be
shared is through the Queer Alliance (QA) weekly newsletter. Another
way in which the information about these resources could be distributed
is through New Student Orientation with a pamphlet that lists the re-
sources that USF provides to transgender students with a map of where
the gender-inclusive bathrooms are located.
Some of these resources are more accessible to some of these stu-
dents rather than others, sometimes it just comes down to the times that
some of these services are offered. CAPS offers gender and sexual mi-
nority group support, but often at a time that is not convenient for all
students.
Within the transgender community, students discuss the negative
aspects of some of the resources offered to them and that also deters
others from using those resources. The problems that transgender indi-
viduals share with each other center around the staff in charge of these
resources. Many of the staff that interacts with transgender students
do not understand the transgender students’ experiences and do not re-
spond properly or with the appropriate care that is needed. One example
in which the staff doesn’t interact with transgender students in a cultural-
ly appropriate manner is in regards to the conduct review process at USF.
Often when students have reported sexual assault cases, the person that
they meet with continues to use incorrect names while misgendering the
student even after being corrected numerous times. This makes it so that
the student would rather not report any sexual assault cases due to the
environment they are placed in when having to discuss the situation with
officers or others involved with their case. USF needs to put people in
these offices who are understanding of transgender students’ needs and
work with those students to understand what it is that would further sup-
port them. The staff needs further training and more resources in order
for them to keep up-to-date with culturally appropriate care for trans-
gender students. For example, they need to be informed on the language
and the terms, such as cisgender, meaning a person whose self-identity
conforms with the gender that corresponds to their biological sex, that
is used within the community that these students use to describe others
or themselves (Hughto et al., 2015). When training the staff in culturally
appropriate care, it is important for these terms to be introduced as well
as updated because the language is constantly changing and knowing the
terms tells transgender students that the staff is informed on their issues.
Another thing that could be done is when these staff members introduce
themselves, they do so by including their preferred pronouns and making
pronoun use a constant practice among all student and staff populations.
Gender-inclusive housing is one example in which USF attempted
to be more inclusive towards the transgender community but the situa-
tion had a undesired impact on that community. The gender-inclusive
housing community didn’t solve any of the housing problems that were
previously occurring in the resident halls for transgender students be-
cause there was no screening process made for the individuals placed
into the community. The way gender-inclusive housing was organized
for the 2015-2016 academic year, allowed for a hostile environment to
be created in which heteronormative standards were still perpetuated
and affecting the transgender students in that community. Something
that needs to be changed in regards to the gender-inclusive community
is the way that we introduce it to the student population as well as which
students it is made available for. When looking into the changes that
USF implements in order to be inclusive of the transgender population,
it is important to recognize the needs of these students and understand
that their needs are different because the stressors they face are different
from cisgender students.
A lot more research needs to be done on the transgender population
and the stressors that affect their mental health. More efficient measures
must be created in order to continue the research on how these stressors
affect the transgender population. The measures should assess the types
of stressors in relation to their effects on transgender individuals’ health.
In regards to the measures that would be created, there needs to be clear
definitions as to what the stressors are and the ways in which they con-
tribute to the negative health outcomes in the transgender population.
For example, a metric needs to be created that measures the different
types of stigma that affect transgender individuals such as structural and
individual stigma. A method used in Chile to study stigma and discrimi-
nation in gay men and transgender women was a mixture of three scales:
Subjective Scale of Stigma and Discrimination (SISD), Scale of Discrim-
ination Events, and the Scale of Victimization Events (Barrientos et al.
2014). These measures can be translated and used in conjunction with
the IEM to conduct future research on the ways in which these individu-
als are directly affected by stigma. Since tools used to measure stress-
ors in the transgender population are limited or not used in the United
States, there is no accurate research on the extent to which these stressors
affect the transgender population’s mental health.
In terms of intersectionality, a lot of research still needs to be done
in regards to how those identities add to the stressors that these individu-
als already face. The IEM lends itself well to the discussion on the inter-
sectionality of gender, class, and education by promoting an awareness
in the ways in which one would start to affect the other and continue to
contribute to negative health outcomes for these individuals. One of the
aspects of intersectionality that needs more research is the way in which
class intersects with gender identity and how socioeconomic class can
exacerbate stressors in transgender individuals. Socioeconomic class has
an effect on whether the individual is able to get procedures done to help
them not be identified as transgender by society. As shown previously,
people who are identified as transgender face these stressors at higher
rates and the stressors have a higher chance of affecting them negatively.
It is important to see how this plays as a stressor for individuals who
have no choice in how others read them or the coping methods that
they engage in due to their socioeconomic status. Another way in which
SES affects a transgender individual is in the methods that they resort
to due to their income status. Many of these individuals are drawn to
prostitution, creating more health risks for themselves. These individu-
als often do not have a stable home environment or a nurturing school
environment; therefore, they resort to sex work to gain some money as
well as a community for themselves. The marginalization of their identity
as transgender women makes it so that they often have few educational
opportunities, which can also prevent them from gaining higher paying
jobs, which would keep them from resorting to sex work. The place
where interventions need to be held in order to keep these individuals
from resorting to sex work to gain a sense of belonging starts with the
family structure. When looking at changes that could be made, it’s im-
portant to create family interventions that would alleviate some of the
parent–child conflict that occurs when an individual comes out to their
parents as transgender. In this alleviation of that conflict, there should
be training on how to communicate with an individual as they are form-
ing their transgender identity. More research needs to be conducted us-
ing the IEM as a foundation.

Grand Valley State University's Milton E. ford LGBT
Center is sponsoring a Transgender Day of Remembrance
event Monday, Nov. 13, at 4 p.m. in the Kirkhof Center
Grand River Room. Gender theorist and historian Susan
Stryker will be delivering a keynote speech on topics
such as labels, preferred pronouns and other current
conflicts

Conceptually, this book has mapped out a queer sociological approach
to transgender.A queer sociology of transgender sits on the intersections
of deconstructive analyses and empirical sociological studies of identity
formations and practices. The theoretical starting point of the book
was a critique of medical perspectives on transgender. Over the last
century, medical perspectives have occupied a dominant position that
has significantly affected how transgender is viewed and experienced
within contemporaryWestern society.Although contemporary medical
approaches represent a more complex understanding of transgender
practices than was previously offered, I have argued that there remain
serious problems in the correlation of transgender and biological
and/or psychological pathology. A medical model remains tied to a
binary understanding of gender that fails to take account of the many
gender identity positions that fall between or beyond the categories of
male/female.Moreover,medical approaches to transgender continue,in
the main, to work within a heteronormative framework that is unable
to account for the complexities of transgender sexualities. A range of
alternative theoretical perspectives – ethnomethodology; historical
and anthropological studies; radical, pluralist, poststructuralist and
postmodern feminism; queer theory; and transgender studies – were
drawn upon to explore the varied ways in which social and cultural
theory has critiqued medical discourse on transgender.
From this diverse body of work,I identified pluralist, poststructuralist,
and postmodern feminist approaches, queer theory and transgender
studies as significant for the development of a queer sociological
analysis of transgender. Pluralist feminist approaches offer a theoretical
framework of gender and sexuality that is able to account for non-
normative identities and practices, enabling an analysis of divergent
gender expressions that are unfixed to the ‘sexed’ body. Importantly,
poststructuralist and postmodern feminism emphasises the discursive
formation of gender and sexuality,bringing an understanding of gender
as distinct from biological ‘sex’. In bringing attention to ‘difference’,
these perspectives encourage feminism to move beyond a singular
and an essential conceptualisation of ‘woman’. I have argued, however,
that some strands of poststructuralism and postmodern thinking are
problematic for a sociological theory of transgender as they neglect
the role of embodiment within gender identities and expressions and
fail to account for material conditions. Moreover, these perspectives
have tended to focus upon transgender as a symbolic site of gender
deconstruction,which leaves transgender subjectivities under-explored.
I proposed that MacDonald’s (1998) model of a grounded postmodern
theory is significant for a queer sociology of transgender as it stresses
the importance of analysing the ways in which social structures and
corporeality impact upon the formation of distinct (trans)identity
formations.This theoretical model is valuable in its understanding of
gender as socially relational and performatively constructed.
I have suggested that the intervention of queer theory has led to three
significant shifts in the analysis of transgender. First, the deconstruction
of identity categories and the analysis of gender and sexual identities
as fluid pose a strong challenge to a medical model that pathologises
gender diversity and works to reinforce a gender binary system.Second,
queer theorists have criticised the strands of lesbian and gay theory
and political activism that have been exclusive towards those whose
gender and sexual identities and practices fall outside the configuration
of female/lesbian and male/gay – a homonormative binary.This marks
a significant shift from the suspicious gaze with which transgender
people have been viewed within many lesbian and gay communities,
and challenges the positioning of the transgender individual as‘outsider’
within strands of lesbian and gay writing. Rather, queer theory has
positively embraced difference and has argued against the representation
of sexual identity categories as authentic.Third, queer theorists have
challenged the correlation of gender identity and ‘sex’ that lies at the
heart of radical feminist hostility to transgender people, and which
significantly effected the dominant feminist position on transgender
throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. Through this sociobiological
approach ‘sex’ is largely dependent upon chromosomes and thus
is secured at birth. From this perspective, gender is also linked to
biological ‘sex’. In contrast, queer theorists have sought to untie gender
and ‘sex’. Queer theory’s deconstruction of an inside/outside binary
significantly detracts from essentialising hierarchies that marginalise
those who, through factors of structure and/or agency, inhabit gender
borderlands.
Yet I have argued that queer theory has also neglected the material
and embodied contours of transgender lives and has failed to account for
diverse and competing transgender subjectivities. Here I concur with
other scholars (MacDonald,1998;Monro,2005;Namaste,2000;Stryker,
2006;Whittle,2006),whose arguments I discussed in Chapter One,who
caution against adopting poststructuralism as the analytical framework
through which to theorise transgender.These issues are important for
a sociological analysis of transgender . I have suggested that work from
transgender studies offers a way through this dichotomy. In Chapter
One, and through subsequent chapters, I have drawn upon work by
transgender theorists (Stone, 1991; Feinberg, 1992, 1999; Bornstein,
1994;Califia,1997;Halberstam,1998,2005;Namaste,2000) that makes
apparent divergent understandings of gendered and sexual, social and
embodied identities. Transgender studies articulate the importance
of a grounded theory that not only celebrates the deconstruction of
identities and the emergence of difference, but which is also attentive
to the lived experiences of multiple subjective positions. Interventions
by theorists such as Stone (1991), Bornstein (1994), Califia (1997),
Feinberg (1999) and Halberstam (1998, 2005) show that a queer
imaginary does not have to run counter to a material analysis.
The intersections of transgender studies and queer theory offer
a theoretical space in which to conceptualise a queer sociological
approach to transgender. Throughout this book, I have proposed
that a queer sociological approach is important for developing new
understandings of transgender. A sociological turn enables queer
theorisations of transgender to move beyond their current limitations by
paying greater attention to specificity.Thus, in accounting for material
and embodied experiences, a queer sociological framework enhances
understandings of the diversities of transgender experiences, allowing
for a more nuanced analysis of gender and sexual transformations.I have
subsequently suggested that a queer sociological framework facilitates
the grounding of transgender experiences within social practices and
discourses. Moreover, this allows for both the celebration and the
critical analysis of gender diversity. A queer sociological approach to
transgender thus encourages departure from theorising transgender
practices as either wholly deviant or transgressive
work was important to the premise of this book as it has, from different
theoretical sites, challenged gender essentialism and heteronormativity.
Work on non-normative practices of intimacy and care usefully draws
attention to the divergent meanings and experiences of intimacy
and care, thus offering an understanding of the ways in which these
practices operate within different social contexts. Recent analyses
of non-normative practices of intimacy and care have broadened
sociological understandings by bringing to light the creative affective
practices within same-sex relationships and ‘families of choice’. I have
argued, however, that this body of work continues to work within a
gender binary framework that is unable to account for transgender
practices of intimacy and care.
Moving beyond a gender binary model is important for an
understanding of the meanings and experiences that transgender people
bring to intimacy and care. I proposed that this could be developed
through consideration of transgender practices of intimacy and care
within the dynamic of ‘families of choice’ (Weston, 1991; Weeks et
al, 2001). Moreover, I have suggested that such an analysis departs
from the theorisation of transgender as a medical issue, bringing it
into the ‘public’ realm.Yet, in making this alliance, it is important to
be aware that inequalities in relation to social structures and cultural
resources mean that not all families have the same choices (Taylor,
2007). Moving away from understanding transgender as a privatised
medical issue would also bring transgender into dialogue with the
theoretical frameworks of ‘intimate citizenship’ and an ‘ethic of care’,
both of which seek to bridge the private/public divide and aim to
take account of marginalised gender and sexual practices. I proposed
that studies of intimacy and of care develop in ways that take account
of transgender practices.This move is significant not only to a politics
of inclusivity – here incorporating transgender practices into studies
of intimacy and care – but is also key to enabling this field of study
to broaden its analysis of contemporary non-normative affective and
caring practices.
Current debates on sexual citizenship point to the compromises that
‘claims to citizenship’entail for members of lesbian and gay communities
(Richardson, 1998; Bell and Binnie, 2000). In this way, assimilation is
a condition of citizenship.While common themes run through issues
of intimate, sexual and transgender citizenship, I have suggested that
work on sexual citizenship needs to theorise beyond a gender binary
in order to address the specificities pertinent to transgender citizenship.
Moreover, developing a conceptual framework of citizenship that
transgresses a gender binary enables a richer understanding of the
intersecting subject positions from which contemporary citizens
speak. In turn, this enables a closer analysis of the ways in which social
formations interconnect.
Imagining beyond binaries: a sociology of transgender
In this book I have explored a number of substantive questions about
transgender practices of identity, intimacy, care and citizenship.To this
end the book has drawn on, and made links with, a range of studies
from within and outside the UK that have explored transgender identity
formations and experiences, and transgender practices of intimacy and
care.The book has empirically considered MtF (male-to-female) and
FtM (female-to-male) transgender practices and those that are located
between and beyond these categories. The scope of address suggests
both commonalties and diversities within and between transgender
individuals and communities. Transgender communities represent a
diverse constituency and,rather than articulating a common experience,
transgender narratives suggest a range of competing discourses.While
some participants articulated fluidity of gender identity, others spoke
of moving between fixed points. There are, then, tensions between
notions of identity as fluid or fixed.Though some participants spoke
of the importance of claiming a transgender identity, others articulated
the desire to move beyond this subject position.
Debates within transgender communities around the implementation
of the 2004 Gender Recognition Act reflect similar concerns about
the desirability of assimilation within lesbian and gay communities
following the 2004 Civil Partnerships Act.While some interviewees
considered gender assimilation to be both desirable and necessary for
the protection of transgender civil rights, others offered a challenge to
the notion of assimilation, proposing a (trans)gender politics in which
difference is considered as a site of importance and celebration in its
own right.
These debates link to the issues raised in relation to transgender
identities and experiences explored in Chapter Three. While some
participants constructed distinct transgender identity positions,
consciously created in opposition to traditional ways of thinking
about gender, sexuality and transition, others articulated individualism
and were reluctant to position themselves as members of a collective
transgender culture. As some participants spoke of the pleasures
of gender transition, positioning (trans)gender identity as fluidly
situated and practised, others talked of the immutable formation
of (trans)gender identity. Nevertheless, the corporeal body figures
large in these narratives and the body is experienced, managed and
modified through subjective understandings and social positionings of
(trans)gender. Bodily narratives thus suggest that transgender identities
are constructed and negotiated through, and in opposition to, a range
of factors: medical discourse and practice, gender, sexuality, social class,
age, affective relations and social, cultural and political understandings
and networks.
In Chapters Four and Five, I suggested that an analysis of feminism
and lesbian, gay, bisexual and queer (LGBQ) movements is important
for an understanding of transgender identities and experiences.
Participants’ narratives have indicated that transgender men and
women encounter distinct feminist challenges and experience different
levels of acceptance within feminist and/or lesbian, gay and bisexual
communities. In particular, many transgender men and women spoke
of rejection from second-wave feminism, but told more positive stories
about their relationships with contemporary feminism. Similarly, many
narratives of sexuality suggest problems with lesbian and gay identity
politics, and participants have spoken of negativity from some lesbian
and gay communities.Yet queer politics and theory have encouraged
a more pluralistic outlook that, in turn, is more welcoming to
transgender people. Participants’ understandings and experiences of
sexual desire, identity and practice suggest that transgender sexualities
are often fluidly and contingently situated alongside gender and gender
transition.The large numbers of non-heterosexual participants within
this research speaks of the complex interactions between gender and
sexuality. However, there are both commonalities and distinctions
between transgender and non-heterosexual identities and practices.
Debates around the significance of linking transgender politics with a
LGBQ lobby has shown that there are strongly divided views within
transgender communities about a politics of coalition.
Chapters Six and Seven suggested that the impact of gender
transition upon parenting and partnering, and kinship and friendship,
indicates that complex decisions about gender transition are often
reflexively negotiated and practised within the context of intimate
relationships and commitments.Here I proposed that the incorporation
of transgender practices of parenting and partnering and kinship and
friendship into studies of family practices, intimacy and care enables a
richer understanding of contemporary social life.
In Chapter Eight, I argued that transgender support groups and
self-help groups challenge the meanings and practices of care for
transgender people.Many participants challenge a standardised medical
system of care, proposing a framework of care that is responsive to a
diversity of needs.The practices of transgender support groups fill the
gaps left by professional systems of care. Some participants identified
existing discrimination against transgender people in the care system
and discussed the importance of education and the training of health
professionals for increasing the awareness of transgender issues and
ending discrimination.Yet involvement in support groups was uneven,
and there existed competing discourses around politics of transgender
visibility and recognition.Such complexities led me to read transgender
citizenship as an uneven and disputed landscape.
So the themes of the book are taken full circle, indicating again the
diversity of transgender identities and pointing to both the similarities
and differences between categories of transgender experience. The
subjective and collective nuances and tensions that have been explored
in this book thus lend support to Halberstam’s (1998) argument that
diversity in itself does not equate to radicalism. This highlights the
importance of developing grounded analyses of intimacy, care and
citizenship, which are conceptually and empirically developed beyond
the binaries of gender (man/woman) and sexuality (homo/hetero).
In the introduction to the book, I discussed media attention to
transgender following the prominent role of Nadia Almada in the
reality television show Big Brother 5, which I returned to in Chapter
Eight. Nadia’s situation is useful for summarising the tensions within a
politics of transgender identity that have been apparent throughout this
book. Social, cultural and legislative shifts indicate an increased interest
in transgender, and – to a certain degree – a greater tolerance of some
practices of gender diversity, in contemporary British society. In turn,
this may enable easier access to transgender identities.Yet, as I explored
in Chapter Eight, Nadia’s desire to move beyond a transgender identity
is reflected in the narratives of some of the participants in this book.
Moreover, Nadia’s comments link with the narratives of participants
who seek to fit into a society that, although marked by an increased
tolerance of difference, remains structured through a gender binary
and heteronormativity.The reluctance to claim a transgender identity
can thus be seen to be indicative of the permeations of gender and
sexual normativity. Nevertheless, on learning of the positive reaction
from transgender organisations at the end of the series of Big Brother,
Nadia reflected“I’m glad if I can educate people about my experiences”
(Nadia Almada,quoted in Observer,22 August 2004).Similarly,a wholly
assimilationist position was not the norm of the majority of people
whose narratives have been considered in this book and, to different
degrees, most stressed the importance of a transgender identity and of
transgender communities
The intricacies of transgender identities and subjectivities indicate the
importance of developing a sociological theory of gender diversity that
is generated from empirical study.Further,a theoretical model that fuses
social and cultural theories of identity is relevant for understanding the
emergence and the experiences of contemporary transgender practices.
This book, then, aims to bridge the gap between social theories and
poststructuralist accounts of gender identity formation. Social theories
of identity (Giddens, 1991, 1992; Beck, 1992; Bauman, 1996) are
concerned with the historical development of self-identity, while
cultural theory (Weedon, 1987; Butler, 1990, 1993) has problematised
identity categories.Bridging this dichotomy lends sway to a conceptual
framework that accounts for the complex and processual nature of
identity formation and recognises the multiple and fluid elements
within identity positions,while also acknowledging subjective accounts
that suggest a more determined experience of identity.A further way
in which (trans)gender theory may be taken forward is through the
development of grounded intersectional analyses that account for the
ways in which gendered experiences and practices are constructed
through divergent subject positions and social structures. This relies
on future studies being mindful of how variables, such as gender,
sexuality, age and generation, ‘race’ and ethnicity, social class, and
geographical location, work in tandem and in resistance to produce
lived experience(s).
At the close of Chapter One, I contextualised this book in relation
to UK sociological studies of gender diversity (Ekins, 1993, 1997; King,
1993; 2003; Ekins and King, 1996, 1997, 2006; Hird, 2000, 2002a, 2006;
Monro, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006a). These studies engage with, revise
and develop poststructuralist analyses of transgender.They stress how
practices of gender diversity are social processes;constructed by,through
and in opposition to dominant modes of being and seeing.This body
of work provides the intellectual home of this book. With the aim
of contributing to, and further developing, sociological analyses of
transgender, this book thus argues for the importance of theorising
gender diversity in relation to social structures, discursive formations,
subjective understandings, embodied corporalities and cultural (and
subcultural) practices.

INTRODUCTION
This report presents information on public opinion about transgender people and their rights in
South Africa. We analyzed data from the Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey, South
Africa panel, to provide new information on the attitudes towards transgender people and their rights
and status in South African society.
LEGAL STATUS OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE IN SOUTH AFRICA
South Africa is often seen as one of the most progressive countries in terms of advancing the rights
of sexual and gender minorities. Section 9 of the South African Constitution explicitly prohibits
discrimination on the basis of gender, sex, and sexual orientation, among other categories. Notably,
it was the first country to adopt a constitution that explicitly prohibits discrimination on the basis
of sexual orientation. While gender identity is not an explicitly protected category, courts have
interpreted that it falls under non-discrimination protection on the basis of gender. However, despite
these constitutional protections, lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people face violence
and harassment in their everyday lives. A survey of LGBT South Africans indicated that 42% of
transgender respondents fear discrimination because they are transgender.1
In recent years, some lower courts have applied the constitutional prohibition on discrimination
to cases involving harassment of transgender persons. In 2011, the Equality Court in Lallu v. Van
Staden held that a neighbor's verbal abuse of a transgender woman amounted to harassment,
hate speech, and unfair discrimination.2 The Court awarded damages for infringement upon the
transgender woman's dignity and costs for remedial psychological counselling. In 2014, a magistrate's
court ordered the Limpopo Department of Education to pay R60,000 (approximately 4,000 USD) in
personal compensation to Nare Mphela, a transgender woman from Ga-Matlala village, who faced
discrimination from her school principal, harassment in the school toilets, and physical assault when
schoolmates grabbed her genitals to "find out what is there."3 While there have not been further cases
addressing hate speech directed at transgender people, this case has set a precedent that could be
used in future litigation.4
Likewise, in 2019 the Equality Court in the Western Cape handed down a judgment in the matter of
September v. Subramoney N.O and Others regarding a transgender woman serving a prison sentence
inside a male correctional facility.5 While incarcerated, prison officials denied her the right to express
her gender identity through her hairstyle, dress, female underwear, or small amounts of make-up.
Ms. Jade September was subjected to verbal abuse and harassment from prison officials, and at one
time was placed in segregated confinement after trying to express her gender. The Court held that
the refusal to allow a transgender person to express their gender identity is unfair discrimination that
violates both the right to equality and section 8 (Prohibition of unfair discrimination on ground of
gender) of the Promotion of Equality and Prevention of Unfair Discrimination Act (PEPUDA). It further
ruled that prison policies granting authority to discriminate against Ms. September (i.e. Standing
Orders of Personal Hygiene) were unlawful. The Court ordered prison officials to allow Ms. September
and others similarly placed to wear female underwear, keep their hair long, and wear make-up.
Furthermore, it ordered officials to address her as a woman through the use of female pronouns, and
the Department of Correctional Services was ordered to introduce transgender sensitivity training
for current and new employees. The case is notable for being one of the first to use the Yogyakarta
Principles, a set of guidelines towards implementing international human rights law in regards
to sexual orientation and gender identity, as an authoritative source in interpreting the rights of
transgender and gender diverse people in the South African context.
The Alteration of Sex Description and Sex Status Act 49 of 2003 allows transgender South Africans to
change their legal gender markers; however, the strict requirements of the law impose barriers on
legal gender recognition that leave many transgender people without accurate identity documents.
The Act requires that medical or surgical gender reassignment procedures have taken place. The
statute defines "gender reassignment" to mean a process undertaken for the purpose of reassigning
a person's sex by changing physiological or other sexual characteristics and includes non-surgical
interventions such as hormone therapy. An application to change gender marker must be submitted
along with a birth certificate and a confirmation from two medical practitioners that medical or
surgical gender reassignment procedures have taken place.
Because the law requires a medical diagnosis along with some sort of medical intervention, many
transgender people cannot obtain legal gender recognition as a result. Such interventions may be
costly as well as inaccessible, particularly for poor working class, peri-urban, or rural transgender
persons, as the providers for gender-affirming procedures are usually only found within major cities.
Moreover, the law prevents those who do not desire reassignment procedures in the first place from
obtaining proper legal documents, including those who are unable to undergo procedures due to
health factors.6• 7 This has far-reaching consequences wherever transgender people need to produce
documentation, essentially prohibiting access to basic services such as health care, education,
employment, and travel; receiving social grants; or undertaking essential tasks such as opening a
bank account, accessing temporary housing, acquiring a driving license, and voting.
While there are no restrictions for military service on the basis of sexual orientation, there are
currently no policies explicitly addressing military service by transgender persons. There are also
no laws that specifically address access to bathrooms according to gender identity. With regard to
marriage, the Civil Union Act allows same-sex marriages in South Africa and allows for transgender
people to marry someone of the same gender identity.8 However, the patchwork of statutes
addressing marriage in South Africa may complicate this in practice for transgender persons. In a
2017 case, KOS and Others v. Minister of Home Affairs and Others,9 three married persons who recently
transitioned applied to the Department of Home Affairs to have their gender marker changed on
various ID documents. For one of the couples, the Department refused the request and wanted the
couple to divorce and remarry under the Civil Union Act, stating that their (previously heterosexual)
marriage was sanctioned under the Marriage Act, which does not extend to same-sex marriages.
The Court held that the Department's denial of the application was unconstitutional and violated the
person's rights to administrative justice, equality, and human dignity, and ordered that the alteration
of the sex description on a person's birth register should be granted irrespective of the person's
marital status - in particular, regardless of the statute under which the partnership was solemnized.
EMPIRICAL RESEARCH ON TRANSGENDER PEOPLE IN SOUTH AFRICA
There is limited empirical research that explores issues impacting transgender people in South
Africa that is not exclusively in the context of HIV/AIDS. Some available research focuses on the
experiences of transgender people in accessing health care. One study conducted in Kwa-Zulu Natal
found that transgender people are often met with ignorance and micro-aggressions by healthcare
workers, including being forced to assume the gender identity concordant with their sex assigned at
birth in order to receive care.10 Another report similarly documented that transgender people faced
transphobic slurs and discrimination in accessing care, including professional stigma among clinicians
against treating transgender patients that limits patient access to gender-affirming care and surgery.11
A study of transgender youth in school documented that transgender students are bullied and
discriminated against by other students.12 It found that transgender and gender diverse/gender nonconforming
students are also subjected to bullying by teachers and staff. The bullying can be verbal
and physical. The severity of the bullying varies with the type of school and the way the transgender
youth expresses their gender identity, and whether or not their gender identity and sex characteristics
are known to others. Bullying tends to be more common in high school than primary school, possibly
corresponding to ages that students express themselves as transgender or gender nonconforming.
Perhaps the most comprehensive study of transgender people in South Africa, Trans Rural Narratives,
was published by human rights NGO Gender DynamiX.13 This study employs Black feminist, trans,
queer, and de-colonial methodologies to amplify the voices and visibility of rural-based transgender
and gender diverse persons. The book describes the experiences of transgender South Africans
across a variety of areas of social and political engagement including: access to information and
language barriers, family and community acceptance, expectations of violence and rape, accessing
inclusive mental and medical health, and experiences with the legal system.
South Africa may be progressive in terms of some of the legal protections afforded to transgender
people, but, as this survey shows, the law means little when the communities that people live in
still believe that transgender people should not be a part of those communities because they are
"violating" culture and tradition. By elucidating the attitudes of South Africans towards transgender
people, this survey adds to that research and sheds light onto the lived reality of transgender people
in South Africa.
METHODOLOGY
In this report, we present data gathered for the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People
survey about public familiarity with and attitudes toward transgender people.14 The South African
sample included panelists ages 16 to 64 who could complete a survey in English (see Appendix II for
methodological details). Weights provided by lpsos were used to improve the representativeness of
the panel sample; however, the sample cannot be considered a probability-based sample or one that
reflects the general adult population due to the low internet penetration rate in South Africa.15
The analytic sample included 501 participants. Below, we present weighted percentages and 95%
confidence intervals to describe participants' demographic and socioeconomic characteristics,
familiarity with transgender people, and attitudes toward transgender people and related public
policies. We conducted bivariate cross-tabs to determine whether individual-level characteristics,
such as sex, age, education, income, and familiarity with transgender people, were associated with
dependent variables, such as attitudes toward transgender people, their rights, and their status in
society. We excluded four individuals who identified as transgender because the group was too small
to generate reliable estimates for transgender participants. We included further methodological
details in Appendix 11, lpsos Methodology Addendum for Single Country Briefs. The UCLA North
General Institutional Review Board (NGIRB) deemed this study exempt from review as human subjects
research due to the use of de-identified data.
PUBLIC OPINION OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE AND RIGHTS
DEMOGRAPHIC AND SOCIOECONOMIC CHARACTERISTICS
In 2017, a total of 501 South African lpsos panelists participated in the Global Attitudes Toward
Transgender People survey. Among these survey participants, similar proportions reported being
male (48.1 %) as female (51.9%) (Table 1 ). Younger participants (ages 16 to 34) made up the majority
(56.7%) of the sample; 27.4% of participants were between the ages of 35 and 49, and 15.9% of
participants were between the ages of 50 and 64 (mean age=34.9 years).
Over half (59.1 %) of participants reported a medium or high level of education (at least some college
education), with the remaining 41 .0% reporting a low level of education (a high school graduate or
lower education). Approximately one in ten (10.5%) participants reported a low level of monthly
household income (<3999 South African rand/<R 3999) and about one in five (19.6%) reported
medium level of monthly household income (R 4000 to R 11999). The majority (69.8%) reported high
monthly household income (>R 12000). Majorities of participants also reported being married (60.4%)
and employed (78.9%).
FAMILIARITY WITH TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
Almost half of participants reported having seen transgender people before but not knowing them
personally (49.4%) (Figure 1 ). Similar proportions of participants, approximately one in five, reported
having transgender acquaintances (20.6%), rarely or never encountering transgender people (20.1 %),
or having personal friends or family members who are transgender (19.8%). Few participants (1 .2%)
reported being transgender according to the definition provided. Some (3.3%) participants reported
"don't know'' in response to this question.16
By categorizing responses to the question in Figure 1 into mutually exclusive options, more than
half (59.4%) of participants reported only having seen transgender people but not knowing them
personally or rarely or never encountering transgender people (not shown). Approximately one in
three (36.1 %) participants reported having transgender acquaintances, friends, or family members
(not shown).
ATTITUDES TOWARD THE RIGHTS OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
Participants exhibited favorable attitudes towards the rights of transgender people (Figure 2). Nearly
three in four (72.2% vs. 21.9%) participants agreed that transgender people should be protected from
discrimination. A majority of participants also agreed that transgender people should be allowed
to serve in the military (62.8% vs. 28.4%), conceive or give birth to children (62.3% vs. 30.7%), adopt
children (58.9% vs. 33.0%), have gender-affirming surgery (57.7% vs. 33.2%), and marry a person of
their birth sex (57.2% vs. 33.1 %). Slightly more participants disagreed (47.5%) than agreed (45.0%) that
transgender people should be allowed to use a restroom consistent with their gender identity. Across
all seven items, between 5.9% and 11.7% of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
With weighted bivariate cross-tabs, we explored how participants' familiarity with transgender
people17 and participants' demographic and socioeconomic status were associated with their
agreement with these rights-based statements (Appendix I Table A). Specifically, 62.2% of participants
who reported that they knew a transgender person agree that transgender people should be allowed
to marry a person of their birth sex, while the proportion is slightly lower (54.6%) among respondents
who did not know a transgender person; the association was statistically significant. Notably, a lower
percentage of participants who reported knowing a transgender person agree that transgender
people should be allowed to have gender-affirming surgery (53.3% vs. 58.9%), but the association was
not statistically significant.
Lower percentages of male participants compared to female participants agree that transgender
people should be allowed to have gender-affirming surgery (50.4% vs. 63.3%), use a restroom
consistent with their gender identity (37.9% vs. 50.6%), and conceive or give birth to children (52.2%
vs. 64.1 %). The associations between participant's sex and the aforementioned statements were
statistically significant. Other measures exhibited a similar pattern, but the associations were not
statistically significant.
Slightly higher percentages of younger participants ages 16-34 (61 .1 %) agree that transgender people
should be allowed to adopt children compared to participants ages 35-49 (59.1 %) and 50-64 (48.1 %);
the association was statistically significant.
About three-fifths (60.3%) of participants with a high household income level agree that transgender
people should be allowed to have gender-affirming surgery compared to participants with a low or
medium household income level (49.7%). The association between the two variables was statistically
significant.
Education level of participants was not significantly associated with attitudes on transgender rights.
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE18
A majority of participants agreed that transgender people are brave (62.9% vs. 28.1 %) (Figure 3). A
smaller percentage of participants agreed compared to those who disagreed that transgender people
are committing a sin (40.8% vs. 48.5%), have a form of mental illness (26.7% vs. 60.8%), have unique
spiritual gifts (18.8% vs. 60.1 %), or have a form of physical disability (15.9% vs. 69.4%). Slightly fewer
participants agreed (43.0%) than disagreed (43.4%) that transgender people are a natural occurrence.
Across six items, between 9.1 o/o and 21.1 o/o of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
As shown in Appendix I Table B, about twice as many (26.6%) participants who reported that they
knew a transgender person agree that transgender people have unique spiritual gifts, compared to
participants who do not know a transgender person (13.2%).
Lower percentages (55.0%) of male participants agreed that transgender people are brave compared
to female participants (69.5%).
Among participants ages 16-34, about three in five (62.6%) agreed that transgender people are brave,
slightly less than participants ages 35-49 (66.8%) but higher than participants ages 50-64 (55.7%). The
association between age and this measure was statistically significant.
Education level and household income level of participants were not associated with attitudes toward
transgender people.
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE IN SOCIETY
A majority (69.4% vs. 21.2%) of participants agreed that South Africa is becoming more tolerant of
transgender people (Figure 4). A majority (54.7% vs. 35.1 %) of participants also agreed that they want
South Africa to do more to support and protect transgender people. Furthermore, more participants
disagreed than agreed that South African society has gone too far in allowing transgender people
[to live openly] (55.4% vs. 36.5%) and that transgender people are violating their culture (47.6% vs.
41.5%). At the same time, slightly more than half (50.1 % vs. 44.4%) of participants agreed that they
worry about exposing children to transgender people. Also, fewer participants agreed than disagreed
(38.3% vs. 48.4%) that transgender people have a special place in society. Across six items, between
5.4% and 13.3% of participants indicated a response of "don't know.
Findings from bivariate cross-tabs, as shown in Appendix I Table C, indicated that a lower percentage
of participants who reported knowing a transgender person (44.6% vs. 54.3%) agree that they worry
about exposing children to transgender people, and a higher percentage want South Africa to do
more to support and protect transgender people (63.6% vs. 49.7%) compared to participants who
do not know transgender people. The association between both statements and familiarity with
transgender people were significant.
Nearly half of male participants agree that South Africa's society has gone too far in allowing
transgender people (46.8%) and is significantly higher than female participants (27.6%). More than
half of male participants agree that they worry about exposing children to transgender people (61 .0%)
compared to less than half among female participants (40.9%), and similarly for the statement that
transgender people are violating the traditions of their culture (55.1 % vs. 29.1 %). Additionally, lower
percentages of male participants agree that transgender people have a special place in society (32.3%
vs. 43.8%) and that they want South Africa to do more to support and protect transgender people
(46.4% vs. 61 .7) compared to female participants. The association between these statements and
participant's sex were significant.
Among participants with a low household income, about two in five (42.2%) agreed that transgender
people are violating traditions of their culture, slightly less than participants with a medium household
income (52.8%) and higher than participants with a high household income (38.3%). The association
between these statements and participant's household income level were significant.
Age and education level of participants was not associated with attitudes toward transgender
people in society.
We believe this survey is the first study of public opinion about transgender people and their rights
among adults in South Africa. Overall, the findings suggest that South Africans are generally accepting
of transgender people. Nearly three in four (72.2% vs. 21.9%) participants agreed that transgender
people should be protected from discrimination. Majorities of participants also agreed that
transgender people should be allowed to serve in the military (62.8% vs. 28.4%), conceive or give birth
to children (62.3% vs. 30.7%}, adopt children (58.9% vs. 33.0%}, have gender-affirming surgery (57.7%
vs. 33.2%}, and marry a person of their birth sex (57.2% vs. 33.1 %). Thus, in many respects public
opinion accords with the values outlined in the Constitution.
At the same time, 47.6% of respondents believe that transgender people are violating the traditions
of their culture, and a slight majority (50.1 %) agreed that they worry about exposing children to
transgender people. This suggests that many South Africans still see transgender people as deviating
from societal norms. Public opinion towards the usage of bathrooms was particularly illuminating
given the intersecting threads of race, class, and gender identity in South Africa. We found that almost
half of participants disagreed (47.5%) that transgender people should be allowed to use a restroom
consistent with their gender identity. Such viewpoints often lead to violence towards people who are
gender variant, as they are seen as eroding culture and traditions.19 Meanwhile, the finding that 72%
of respondents believed that transgender people should be protected from discrimination seems to
contrast with the fact that transgender people in South Africa experience discrimination almost daily.
This high level of support in the survey is surprising considering the lived experiences of transgender
people in South Africa.2° For example, on Monday, 6 July 2020, a trans woman named Ayanda
Gwentse was harassed at a shopping mall by a woman who attempted to pull Ayanda's skirt up as if
she was trying to disrobe Ayanda.
This aligns with the work of student activist Nigel Patel, who argues that transgender people in South
Africa face problems with safe access to spaces that have been shaped and gendered by colonization
and apartheid.21 As Patel writes, under late colonialism and formal apartheid, the racially and sexsegregated
English water closet toilet became pervasive. The separation of toilet spaces during
apartheid was central to the logic of complete separation of races in all aspects of public and private life,
and the designation of people of color as inferior. Hence, to more fully reflect on the history of gender
discrimination in South Africa, it must be considered alongside race and its close connection to class.
Some methodological limitations should be noted. First, as data from the 2017 Global Attitudes
Toward Transgender People survey are not representative they cannot be interpreted as representing
the attitudes of the general adult population in South Africa. The results represent a more urban,
internet-connected population. Second, there are constraints resulting from fielding such a large-scale
survey conducted across multiple different countries. For example, the survey language that describes
transgender people may not be considered inclusive and/or accurately capture the gender diverse
and/or gender non-conforming population in a particular country. This includes the broad definition
of transgender people in the survey as "people who dress and live as one sex even though they were
born another," which can be misconstrued to include those who are gender non-conforming and who
may not identify as transgender themselves.
More research about the attitudes of state officials, especially in the context of helping transgender
people access and enjoy their constitutionally enshrined rights, is needed. Future research efforts
should also consider the involvement of South African stakeholders in the research process, including
transgender community members or trans-specific organizations, in order to more accurately capture
the data and to incorporate questions that are salient to the needs of activists, educators, and other
stakeholders. Despite its limitations, this survey is one of the few to elucidate the attitudes of South
Africans towards transgender people.

This report presents information on public opinion about transgender people and their rights in Peru.
We analyzed data from 2017 The Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey, Peru panel,
to provide new information on views toward transgender people, their rights, and their status in
society. In Peru, public policies protecting the rights of transgender people are almost non-existent.
Transgender people in Peru live in a state of exclusion, marginalization, and resilience, where they
continue to fight to be recognized and access fundamental rights. Although the most recent National
Human Rights Plan (2018-2021 ), used by the Ministry of Justice and Human Rights as guidance for
public policy, recognizes the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex (LGBTI) population
as a vulnerable group,1 Peru lacks policies that recognize transgender and other gender minority
people, and no law protects people against discrimination based on their gender identity (or sexual
orientation). Likewise, hate crime laws in Peru do not recognize crimes directed at transgender people
on the basis of gender identity.
Corresponding to transgender people's limited legal rights in Peru, transgender people experience
disparities, relative to cisgender people, in accessing basic rights such as health, education,
or employment. These disparities are likely exacerbated by the obstacles transgender people
experience due to the state's failure to recognize transgender people's gender identity in legal identity
documents, such as the Documento Nacional de ldentidad ("National Identity Document" [DNI]). This
creates an ongoing conflict between one's lived identity and official identity, generating an everyday
situation of distress.2 In addition, some transgender people lack a DNI altogether-for example, more
than 10% of transgender women in Peru report not having a DNI, a figure ten times higher than that
reported in the general population.3
A study carried out by Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia (UPCH) estimated that there are 22,500
transgender women living in Lima, a city of 10 million people.4 There are no estimates for other cities,
and none for transgender men. Studies on employment, education, or health, some carried out in
Peru in the context of health research, give a picture of social exclusion. Dropping out of school is
significant among this population. Due to discrimination and lack of opportunities, sex work-carried
out mainly in the street in precarious conditions-is a primary source of income for many transgender
women (70%, measured in several cities).5 Lack of opportunities for economic development drives
migration into Lima,6 and the vast majority of these migrants are in sex work; many are minors and
victims of sexual exploitation.7
Access to health care is also limited. Transgender women are the population most vulnerable to
HIV in Peru, resulting from a combination of factors at the structural (discrimination, transphobia,
marginalization), interpersonal (sex work, self-seeking behavior outside the health system), and
individual level (sexual behaviors, substance use).8 Although information about transgender men
in Peru is scarce, transgender men also face barriers regarding access to education and health, in
addition to experiences of discrimination and violence.9
Despite these challenges, transgender women and men have demonstrated great resilience. There
are several community-based organizations that advocate for transgender rights and carry out
activities to support their peers. These organizations and activists form solidarity networks-especially
among transgender women that live together or in the same neighborhoods-where people organize
to cope with situations such as medical emergencies or supporting a victim of violence.10 At the same
time, transgender people have become more visible while demanding recognition and the guarantee
of their fundamental rights. In December 2016, Red Trans Peru (a transgender women communitybased
organization) together with two congresswomen presented a proposal for a Gender Identity
Law. However, the bill has not been discussed further, and its chance of being approved during the
current congressional period, ending in 2021, is very low.
Although there have been efforts to analyze public opinion focused on sexual orientation, such
as a 2019 survey carried out by lnstituto de £studios Peruanos (IEP),11 there has been no study of
transgender individuals. The Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey is the first initiative
in Peru documenting public perception of transgender people and their rights.
This report analyzed data gathered for the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey
about participants' familiarity with transgender people,12 as well as attitudes toward transgender
people, their rights, and their status in society, from an online panel assembled by lpsos. The Peruvian
sample included panelists ages 16 to 64 who could complete a survey in Spanish (see Appendix II for
methodological details).
Weights provided by lpsos were used to improve the representativeness of the panel sample;
however, the sample cannot be considered a probability-based sample or one that reflects the
general adult population of due to the low internet penetration rate in Peru.13
The analytic sample included 500 participants. Below, we present weighted percentages and 95%
confidence intervals to describe participants' demographic and socioeconomic characteristics,
familiarity with transgender people, and attitudes toward transgender people and related public
policies. We conducted weighted multinomial logistic regression analyses to determine whether
individual-level characteristics, such as sex, age, education, income, and familiarity with transgender
people, were associated with dependent variables, such as attitudes toward transgender people, their
rights, and their status in society. We excluded six individuals who identified as transgender because
the group was too small to generate reliable estimates for transgender participants. We included
further methodological details in Appendix 11, lpsos Methodology Addendum for Single Country Briefs.
The UCLA North General Institutional Review Board (NGIRB) deemed this study exempt from review
as human subjects research due to the use of de-identified data.
In 2017, a total of 500 lpsos panelists in Peru participated in the Global Attitudes Toward Transgender
People survey. Among these survey participants, similar percentages were male (49.2%) and female
(50.8%) (Table 1 ). A majority of participants were between the ages of 16-34 (54.1 %), about a quarter
(29.9%) between the ages of 35-49, and the remaining 16.0% between the ages of 50-64 (mean
age=34.8 years).
More than three-quarters (77.0%) of participants reported up to secondary education, trade school,
or an incomplete university education, while approximately a quarter (23.0%) reported completing
university education or higher. The majority, about two-thirds (52.2%) of participants reported a
medium monthly household income (1,501 soles to 6,500 soles), 38.4% reported a low monthly
household income (<1,500 soles) and 9.3% reported a high monthly household income (>6,500 soles).
Majorities reported as not married (66.1 %) and employed (71.2%).
The majority of participants reported having seen transgender people before, but not knowing them
personally (54.9%) (Figure 1 ). About a third (33.0%) of participants reported having acquaintances
who are transgender, and about one in five (20.2%) reported having personal friends/family who are
transgender. A minority (11.9%) of participants reported rarely or never encountering transgender
people. Few (1 .2%) participants reported being transgender according to the definition provided, and
4.3% of participants reported "don't know" in response to this question.14
Figure 1. Familiarity with transgender people among panel participants (N=S00)
Q: Some people dress and live as one sex even though they were born another. For instance, someone who
was considered male at birth may feel they are actually female and so dresses and lives as a woman, and
someone female at birth may feel they are actually male and dresses and lives as a man. How familiar, if at
all, are you with people like this? Choose as many responses as apply.
Some participants indicated different levels of familiarity with transgender people. By categorizing
responses to the question in Figure 1 into mutually exclusive options, approximately half (50.9%) of
participants reported only having seen transgender people but not knowing them personally or rarely
or never encountering transgender people (not shown). Approximately 43.6% of participants reported
having transgender acquaintances, friends, or family members (not shown).
ATTITUDES TOWARD THE RIGHTS OF TRANSGENDER PEOPLE
More than three-quarters of participants agreed, somewhat or strongly, with the statements that
transgender people should be protected from discrimination by the government (77.4% vs. 16.3%)
(Figure 2). More than half of participants also agreed with the statements that transgender people
should be allowed to serve in the military (58.3% vs. 29.1 %), have gender-affirming surgery (57 .6%
vs. 29.0%), conceive or give birth to children (54.0% vs. 36.3%), and marry a person of their birth
sex (51.7% vs. 39.9%). However, a majority of participants also disagreed with the statement that
transgender people should be allowed to adopt children (56.7% vs. 35.0%) and use a restroom
consistent with their current gender identity (50.6% vs. 42.2%). Across the seven items, between 6.4%
and 13.4% of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
Figure 2. Attitudes toward the rights of transgender people among panel participants (N=S00)
Q: Please indicate whether you agree or disagree with each statement below about people who dress and
live as one sex even though they were born another.
With weighted regression analyses, we explored how participants' familiarity with transgender
people15 and participants' demographic and socioeconomic status were associated with their
agreement with these rights-based statements (Appendix I Table A). Specifically, participants who
reported that they knew a transgender person (relative to those who did not know a transgender
person) were significantly more likely to agree than disagree with the provision of each of these
specified rights for transgender people (controlling for age, sex, educational attainment, and
household income). This includes transgender people's rights to marry a person of their birth sex
(Relative Risk Ratio [RRR]=1 .89; Cl [1.15, 3.10]), to conceive or give birth to children (RRR=1.81, Cl [1.11,
2.96]), and, after dichotomizing the income variable,16 to have surgery so their body matches their
identity (RRR=1 .83; Cl [1 .10, 3.05]).17
Male participants were less likely to agree than female participants that transgender people should
be allowed to use the restroom consistent with their gender identity (RRR=0.51; Cl [0.31, 0.82]), marry
a person of their birth sex (RRR=0.48; Cl [0.30, 0.78]), adopt children (RRR=0.48; Cl [0.29, 0.79]), be
protected from discrimination by the government (RRR=0.47; Cl [0.27, 0.83]), serve in the military
(RRR=0.59; Cl [0.35, 0.99]), and have surgery so their body matches their identity (RRR=0.59; Cl [0.36,
0.96]).18
Participants ages 35-49 were less likely than participants ages 50-64 to agree than disagree that
transgender people should be allowed to have surgery so their body matches their identity (RRR=0.31;
Cl [0.10, 0.95]), after dichotomizing the income variable in the model.19
Participants with a high level of education were less likely to agree than disagree that transgender
people should be allowed to adopt children (RRR=0.58; Cl [0.36, 0.95]) and serve in the military
(RRR=0.53; Cl [0.32, 0.87]) compared to participants with a medium level of education.
Participants reporting a high household income were more likely to agree than disagree that
transgender people should be allowed to conceive or give birth to children (RRR=2.58I Cl [1.13, 5.90]).
In general, participants reported positive attitudes toward statements about transgender people
(Figure 3). The majority of participants agreed that transgender people are brave (57.0% vs.
27.6%) and a plurality agreed that transgender people are natural (46.3% vs. 41.0%). A majority of
participants also disagreed that transgender people have a form of physical disability (75.4% vs. 9.3%)
or mental illness (63.8% vs. 19.5%), as well as with the statements that transgender people have
unique spiritual gifts (56.9% vs. 17.4%) and are committing a sin (53.1 % vs. 29.2%). Across the six
items, between 13.5% and 25.7% of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
As shown in Appendix I Table B, male participants were significantly more likely to agree that
transgender people have a form of mental illness (RRR=2.69; Cl [1 .55, 4.66]). These participants were
also less likely to agree than disagree that transgender people are natural (RRR=0.58; Cl [0.35, 0.95])
and are brave (RRR=0.32; Cl [0.19, 0.53]).
Both participants ages 16-34 (RRR=0.35; Cl [0.13, 0.94]) and 35-49 (RRR=0.34; Cl [0.12, 0.99]) were less
likely to agree that transgender people are brave, compared to participants ages 50-64.
Participant's level of familiarity with transgender people as well as their education and household
income level were not significant factors predicting attitudes toward transgender people in the model.
We did not report regression results for three models: the models assessing attitudes towards the
statements that transgender people have a form of physical disability, are committing a sin, or have
unique spiritual gifts, due to poor model fit.
ATTITUDES TOWARD TRANSGENDER PEOPLE IN SOCIETY
Participants reported mixed attitudes toward statements about transgender people in society (Figure
4). The majority of participants agreed that Peru is becoming more tolerant when it comes to people
who dress and live as one sex but was born as another (62.8% vs. 29.8%) and that they want Peru to
do more to support and protect these individuals (56.2% vs. 33.2%). More than half of participants
disagreed that transgender people are violating the traditions of their culture (57.3% vs. 29.7%) and a
plurality disagreed that transgender people have a special place in society (47.1 % vs. 36.6%). Almost
two-thirds (61.3% vs. 32.0%) of participants also agreed that they worry about exposing children
to transgender people. Across the six items, between 6.6% and 16.3% of participants indicated a
response of "don't know."
Male participants were significantly more likely than female participants to agree with statements
that they worry about exposing children to transgender people (RRR=2.51; Cl [1.51, 4.18]) and that
transgender people are violating the traditions of their culture (RRR=2.49; Cl [1 .45, 4.27]), as well as
significantly less likely to agree compared to disagree that they want Peru to do more to support and
protect transgender people (RRR=0.37; Cl [0.23, 0.60]).
Younger age was a significant predictor of attitudes toward transgender people in society on two
statements. Participants ages 16-34 were less likely to agree that Peru is becoming more tolerant
when it comes to transgender people (RRR=0.34; Cl [0.12, 0.95]) and that they want Peru to do more
to support and protect transgender people (RRR=0.24; Cl [0.08, 0.68]), when compared to participants
ages 50-64. Participants ages 35-49 were also less likely to agree than disagree that they want Peru to
do more to support and protect transgender people (RRR=0.23; Cl [0.07, 0.71]).
Education level and household income level were not significant factors predicting attitudes toward
the identity of transgender people in the model.
In general, results showed more positive than negative attitudes among participants regarding
transgender people and their rights in Peru. The majority of participants recognized that transgender
people should be protected from discrimination and be able to access gender-affirming surgery,
marry a person of their birth sex, conceive or give birth to children (if able to do so), and serve in the
military. However, the majority of participants did not express support for the rights of transgender
people to adopt children or to use a bathroom consistent with their gender identity. Among
demographic characteristics, male participants have consistently less favorable attitudes towards
transgender people, their rights, and their status in society, than female participants. Participants who
were more familiar with transgender people held more supportive attitudes towards transgender
rights and their status in society than those who were less familiar with transgender people. Higher
household income was associated with greater support for transgender rights. Surprisingly, younger
participants below age 50 or those with high education level held less favorable attitudes on some
statements regarding transgender people and their rights in this survey.
An important challenge on how to interpret these results is to contextualize data for potential
inference. We have described in the introduction that the social and legal environment for
transgender people in Peru furthers the marginalization and exclusion of transgender people. Thus,
we caution that any interpretation of results from the survey should consider the study's limitations
and prior research documenting the experiences of transgender people in Peru. In that sense, results
from the survey may be overestimating positive attitudes towards this population because the sample
reflects more affluent, internet-connected adults. In other ways, data from the lpsos survey are
comparable to the general population, based on information from the Census regarding distribution
of sex and education, for example.21
One of the sources that we can compare these results with is a two-stage randomized survey carried
out by the lnstituto de £studios Peruanos (IEP) in May 2019 about knowledge and attitudes towards
gender equity and homosexuality in Peru.22 Although that survey asked only about homosexuality,
previous studies in the United States have showed that attitudes towards transgender people
were correlated with attitudes towards LGB people.23•24 Generally, results from the IEP survey are
less favorable towards gay rights than attitudes shown towards transgender rights in the Global
Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey. In the former, 40% of participants reported to be
"against homosexuality," 54% were against civil unions, and 59% opposed same sex marriage.
More strikingly, 30% of participants reported that they "wouldn't like to have a neighbor who is
homosexual." Nonetheless, results from the IEP survey showed an increase in favorable attitudes
towards gay rights compared to surveys conducted in 2017 and 2018. For example, opposition to
homosexuality decreased from 51 % in 2017 to 40% in 2019.Compared to the IEP survey, lpsos' Global
Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey in Peru may have reached a group of people with much
more positive attitudes towards transgender people than the general population in Peru. It is also
remarkable that more than half of participants reported having an acquaintance (33%) or family
member/friend (20%) who is a transgender person. Visibility and personal connection are variables
that have long been associated with acceptance towards LGBT groups.25
It is worth noting that, while more than three-quarters of respondents agreed that transgender
people should be protected from discrimination, almost two-thirds (61 %) of participants also
agreed that they worry about exposing children to transgender people. This appears to show a
contradiction between a discourse favoring non-discrimination and attitudes towards inclusion, that
is, having transgender people as part of normal social dynamics that include being exposed to every
member of society.
The main limitation of the data presented is that the Peru sample is not representative of the
general population, and this characteristic of the data limits its use for inference about the general
population. Nonetheless, that survey was useful because it was the first official attempt to collect
data on attitudes toward transgender people. In spite of the limitations addressed above, this survey
presents novel information regarding public attitudes specifically towards transgender people and
their rights in Peru. Future action should consider surveys aiming to generate data that can be
extrapolated at the national level.

This report presents information on public opinion about transgender people and their rights in China.
We analyzed data from the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People survey, China panel, to
provide new information on views toward transgender people, their rights, and their status in society.
There is limited research on attitudes toward transgender people in China. A 2016 study of social
attitudes towards lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex (LGBTI) people in China, with a
non-probability sample of 28,454 respondents, found that among social institutions families have the
lowest degree of acceptance of LGBTI people (57.6% of the respondents indicated "low acceptance"
or "complete rejection" in families); more than half of respondents were "not sure" about levels of
acceptance in schools, workplaces, and religious communities.1 Another report of a nonprobability
sample suggested that nearly 90% of families are not accepting of transgender family members, and
70.8% of transgender people experience school violence.2 This low acceptance may reflect a Chinese
culture that emphasizes traditional gender norms.3 That said, at the societal level, Chinese people
appear to be accepting of transgender people with whom they do not have a personal or familial
connection. For example, Jin Xing, an openly transgender woman, is one of the most popular talk
show hosts in China. Her show has more than 1 million viewers per week, and she is very popular
among mainstream audiences.4 In contrast to the low level of acceptance in many parts of mainland
China, a 2017 study of Hong Kong residents age 18 and over found that 80% of Hong Kong people are
very accepting, moderately accepting, or a little accepting of transgender people, and 67% completely
or somewhat agreed that Hong Kong should have a law that protects people from being discriminated
against because they are transgender.5
Research in China has shown that family pressure is a great concern for transgender people. Research
shows that levels of family acceptance of transgender people is low. For example, a 2017 survey by
the Beijing LGBT Center, which collected a non probability sample of transgender people, indicated
that the majority (59. 7%) of parents or guardians of transgender people who were transitioning at
that time were unsupportive of their transition. Of 1,640 participants whose parents or guardians
knew or guessed their transgender status, all but six experienced violence from a parent or guardian.6
Another survey of 1,309 transgender women and men across 32 provinces and municipalities in
China also showed that a vast majority of transgender women (90.4%) and transgender men (84.5%)
reported "intense conflicts with parents," and that such conflict was significantly associated with an
increased risk of suicide attempts.7 Another survey, conducted by the United Nations Development
Programme (UNDP), collected a nonprobability sample of adults in China and reported that
"compared with other minorities ... trans people face the highest levels of discrimination, especially
within the family, schools and workplaces."8
Chinese law is largely silent on transgender rights. Without a comprehensive anti-discrimination law
in China, there are only a few prohibitions of discrimination based on "sex," mainly in employment
and education settings.9 Yet, it is unclear whether these regulations can apply to transgender people.
Reports suggest that transgender people suffer discrimination in the workplace10 - the unemployment
rate among transgender people is nearly three times that of the general population, according to one
study.11 The vast majority of primary and secondary schools in China require students to wear school
uniforms based on their legal gender identity, and only provide gender-specific dorms, restrooms,
and bathrooms for their students - all of which are informed by a binary notion of gender.12 There
is no explicit ban on transgender people joining the military, but transgender people who have
undergone gender-affirming surgeries (GAS) would fail the military physical examination due to
surgical history.13
China allows transgender people to change their names and gender markers on their identity
documents, requiring complete GAS and a certificate of gender authentication from a domestic
hospital, along with verification issued by a notary office or "judicial authentication institution."14
However, there are still great difficulties for transgender people to amend their gender markers
on various other official documents, including academic certificates, diplomas, and vocational
qualification certificates, which poses serious challenges for obtainingjobs.15• 16• 17 To access GAS in
China, transgender people have to meet a number of strict and often insurmountable requirements.
These include: providing a formal diagnosis of "transsexualism," notifying immediate family members,
submitting an official verification that they have no prior criminal record, and being over 20 years old
and unmarried.18 In practice, "notifying immediate family members" has translated to notary-verified
"consent letters from parents,'' regardless of the transgender person's age, which may not only
intensify conflict between the transgender person and their family but may be impossible to obtain
for many transgender individuals.
Regarding the right to form a family, transgender people are allowed to marry a person of a gender
different than their legally recognized gender. The old GAS regulation requires that "the patient['s]
sexual orientation is directed at the opposite of their target gender,''19 though this requirement has
been deleted in the new GAS regulation.2° China outlaws surrogacy, while other assisted reproductive
technologies are provided only to married couples who have infertility as a form of medical
arrangement.21 There is no law forbidding transgender people from adopting children.22 In practice, it
is unclear whether transgender status deems a person "unfit for adopting a child"; however, there are
several cases of openly transgender people successfully adopting children.23 24
In this report, we present data gathered for the 2017 Global Attitudes Toward Transgender People
survey about public familiarity with and attitudes toward transgender people. The Chinese sample
included panelists ages 16 to 64 who had at least a secondary school education, and who could
complete a survey in Mandarin (see Appendix II for methodological details). Weights provided by
lpsos were used to improve the representativeness of the panel sample; however, the sample cannot
be considered a probability-based sample or one that reflects the general adult population of due to
the low internet penetration rate in China.
The analytic sample included 1,008 participants. Below, we present weighted percentages and
95% confidence intervals to describe participants' demographic and socioeconomic characteristics,
familiarity with transgender people, and attitudes toward transgender people and related public
policies. We conducted weighted multinomial logistic regression analyses to determine whether
individual-level characteristics, such as sex, age, education, income, and familiarity with transgender
people, were associated with dependent variables, such as attitudes toward transgender people, their
rights, and their status in society. We excluded 13 individuals who identified as transgender from the
regression analyses because the group was too small to generate reliable estimates for transgender
participants. We included further methodological details in Appendix II, lpsos Methodology
Addendum for Single Country Briefs. The UCLA North General Institutional Review Board (NGIRB)
deemed this study exempt from review as human subjects research due to the use of de-identified
data.
In 2017, a total of 1,008 lpsos panelists in China participated in the Global Attitudes Toward
Transgender People survey. Among these survey participants, similar proportions were male (50.9%)
and female (49.1 %) (Table 1 ). Younger participants (ages 16 to 34) made up 41.8% of the sample;
43.2% of participants were between the ages of 35 and 49, and 15.0% of participants were between
the ages of 50 and 64 (mean age=36.8 years).
Over 54.1 % of participants reported a medium level of education (between a high school education
and some college education), with the remaining 45.9% reporting a high level of education (a
university degree or higher). The sample was predominantly high income, with the majority (80.0%)
reporting a monthly household income of more than renminbi (RMB) 7,499 yuan a month. Majorities
of participants also reported being married (70.6%) and employed (87.0%).
Nearly half of participants (45.9%) reported having seen transgender people before but not knowing
them personally, and about one-third (37.7%) reported rarely or never encountering transgender
people (Figure 1 ). Approximately one in seven (14.0%) reported having transgender acquaintances,
and 5.1 % reported having personal friends or family members who are transgender. Few (1 .1 %)
participants reported being transgender according to the definition provided. Some participants
(5.3%) reported "don't know'' in response to this question.
Participants indicated different levels offamiliarity with transgender people. By categorizing
responses to the question in Figure 1 into mutually exclusive options, a majority of about three in four
(76.6%) participants reported only having seen transgender people but not knowing them personally,
or rarely or never encountering transgender people (not shown). Approximately one in six (17.1 %)
participants reported having transgender acquaintances, friends, or family members (not shown).
Nearly three-fourths (73.7%) of participants agreed, strongly or somewhat, that transgender people
should be protected from discrimination compared to 14.4% who disagreed with this statement
(Figure 2). Majorities of participants also agreed that transgender people should be allowed to have
surgery so that their body matches their identity (66.2% vs. 18.7%}, adopt children (64.9% vs. 22.1 %},
conceive or give birth to children (59.1 % vs. 23.4%), and marry a person of their birth sex (53.2% vs.
27.9%). Slightly more participants agreed than disagreed (45.1 % vs. 38.6%) that transgender people
should be allowed to use the restroom consistent with their current gender identity. Across six items,
11.9% and 19.0% of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
With weighted regression analyses, we explored how participants' familiarity with transgender people
27 and participants' demographic and socioeconomic status were associated with their agreement
with these rights-based statements (Appendix I Table A). Specifically, participants who reported that
they knew a transgender person (relative to those who did not know a transgender person) were
significantly less likely to agree (versus disagree) that transgender people should be allowed to have
surgery so their body matches their identity (Relative Risk Ratio [RRR]=0.55; Cl [0.36, 0.83]), controlling
for age, sex, educational attainment, and household income.28
Male participants were significantly less likely than female participants to agree that transgender
people should be allowed to have gender-affirming surgery (RRR=0.68; Cl [0.48, 0.98]), marry a person
of their birth sex (RRR=0.68; Cl [0.49, 0.94]), and adopt children (RRR=0.66; Cl [0.47, 0.92]).
Younger participants, including both those ages 16 to 34 (RRR=3.09; Cl [1.87, 5.12]) and those ages 35
to 49 (RRR=2.08; Cl [1.23, 3.51 ]), were significantly more likely to agree that transgender people should
be allowed to marry a person of their birth sex, compared to participants ages 50 to 64 in the model.
Participants who reported a high level of education were significantly less likely than those reporting
a medium level of education to agree that transgender people should be allowed to conceive or give
birth to children (RRR=0.67; Cl [0.48, 0.93]). They were also less likely to agree that transgender people
should be protected from discrimination (RRR=0.48, Cl [0.32, 0.72]).
Participants who reported a high level of household income were significantly more likely than
participants with a low level of household income in the model to agree that transgender people
should be allowed to use the restroom of the sex they identify with (RRR=2.56; Cl [1.03, 6.36]) and
marry a person of their birth sex (RRR=2.75; Cl [1.09, 6.95]).
Majorities of participants agreed that transgender people are a natural occurrence (62.9% vs 21.7%)
and are brave (62.6% vs. 21.1 %) (Figure 3).3° Few participants agreed that transgender people are
engaged in criminal activities31 by being transgender (13.0% vs. 67.8%) or that they have a form of
mental illness (33.0% vs. 47.9%). A slightly greater percentage of participants agreed than disagreed
that transgender people have a form of physical disability (40.5% vs. 39.9%). Similarly, a greater
percentage disagreed than agreed that transgender people have unique spiritual gifts (42.8% vs.
29.0%). Across six items, between 15.4% and 28.3% of participants indicated a response of "don't
know."
As shown in Appendix I Table B, participants who reported that they knew a transgender person were
significantly more likely to agree that transgender people are committing a sin (RRR=2.58; Cl [1.64,
4.07]) compared to people who did not report knowing a transgender person, adjusting for sex, age,
educational attainment, and household income.
Male participants were significantly more likely to agree that transgender people have a form of
mental illness (RRR=2.00; Cl [1.46, 2.74]) and have a form of physical disability (RRR=1.47; Cl [1.09,
1.99]) compared to female participants in the model.
Participants in the youngest age group, ages 16 to 34, were significantly less likely than participants
ages 50 to 64 to agree that transgender people have a form of mental illness (RRR=0.38; Cl [0.23,
0.62]). Younger participants, including both those ages 16 to 34 (RRR=0.25; Cl [0.14, 0.44]) and those
ages 35 to 49 (RRR=0.35; Cl [0.19, 0.63]), were also significantly less likely than participants ages 50
to 64 to agree that transgender people have a form of physical disability. Participants ages 35 to 49
were less likely to agree that transgender people have unique spiritual gifts (RRR=0.47; Cl [0.26, 0.84])
compared to those ages 50 to 64.
Participants who reported a high level of household income were significantly more likely to agree
that transgender people are a natural occurrence (RRR=2.53; Cl [1.01, 6.33]) compared to participants
with a low level of household income in the model.
Educational attainment was not significantly associated with attitudes toward transgender people.
A majority (70.6% vs. 17.0%) of participants agreed, strongly or somewhat, that China is becoming
more tolerant of transgender people (Figure 4). A majority (62.1 % vs. 19.9%) of participants also
agreed that they want China to do more to support and protect transgender people. In addition,
greater percentages of participants disagreed than agreed with statements that China's society has
gone too far in allowing people to dress and lives as one sex even though they were born another
(49.8% vs 27.7%, respectively) and that transgender people are violating the traditions of their culture
(48.0% vs 34.6%). A greater percentage of participants disagreed than agreed (44.6% vs. 33.9%) that
transgender people have a special place in society. Similarly, a greater percentage of participants
agreed (48.5% vs. 34.2% disagreed) that they worry about exposing children to transgender people.
Across six items, between 12.5% and 22.4% of participants indicated a response of "don't know."
Findings from regression models, as shown in Appendix I Table C, indicate that participants who
reported knowing a transgender person were significantly more likely to agree that transgender
people have a special place in society (RRR=1.66; Cl [1.15, 2.39]) than were those who did not report
knowing a transgender person in the model.
Male participants were significantly less likely than female participants to agree with the statement
that "I want China to do more to support and protect people who dress and live as one sex even
though they were born another'' (RRR=0.69; Cl [0.49, 0.97]) and more likely to agree that transgender
people "are violating the traditions of my culture" (RRR=1.65; Cl [1.21, 2.24]).
Participants ages 16 to 34 were significantly less likely to agree with statements that transgender
people "are violating the traditions of my culture" (RRR=0.51; Cl [0.31, 0.84]), than were participants
ages 50 to 64 in the model.
Educational attainment and household income were not significantly associated with attitudes
towards transgender people in society.
