Lia Thomas became the first known transgender athlete

to win the highest US national college title with victory in the women's 500-yard freestyle.

Thomas, who swims for the University of Pennsylvania, secured the title in four minutes 33.24 seconds in Atlanta.

Virginia's Emma Weyant, who won 400m individual medley silver at the Tokyo Olympics, finished 1.75secs behind in second while Erica Sullivan was third.

"It means the world to be here," Thomas told ESPN.

Sullivan, who finished third, was also a silver medallist at the Tokyo Games in the 1500m freestyle.

Thomas will also compete in the 200- and 100-yard events later in the week.

She swam for the Pennsylvanian men's team for three seasons before starting hormone replacement therapy in spring 2019.

The National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I is the highest level of intercollegiate athletics in America.

US swimming updated its policy in February to allow transgender athletes to swim in elite events, alongside criteria that aims to reduce any unfair advantage.

There were some protestors outside

the venue and in the stands at Georgia Tech on Friday.

Some swimmers have criticised the decision to allow Thomas to compete, with one Virginia Tech student telling a reporter

it was "heartbreaking" to see how upset a fellow competitor was by the decision.

"I try to ignore it as much as I can," Thomas said.

"I try to focus on my swimming, what I need to do to get ready for my races, and just try to block out everything else."

A Texas judge has extended an order to prevent state officials from investigating allegations of so-called "abuse" against parents seeking gender-transitioning care for their children.

In February, officials declared some gender reassignment therapies "child abuse" under state law.

Parents allowing them, could lose custody of their children under a directive from the Republican governor.

A district judge temporarily halted the plan Friday.

Judge Amy Clark Meachum ruled that the directive from Governor Greg Abbott violated the Texas state constitution.

As a result, investigations into parents currently under way are to stop, pending a trial into the matter.

The Texas attorney general's office filed a notice of intent to overturn Judge Meachum's ruling.

A trial challenging the directive is due to take place in July.

The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had sued Mr Abbott over the directive he had said was to prevent "child abuse".

LGBTQ rights advocates say the governor's directive unfairly criminalises transgender children and their families - and that the proposal to investigate them appears politically motivated, as part of Mr Abbott's gubernatorial re-election campaign this year.

The directive had also urged teachers, doctors, and healthcare professionals to report any "suspected abuse", or face criminal penalties.

Proponents of the directive say children are too young to make life-altering decisions about their bodies.

However, medical experts in Texas say transgender surgical procedures are performed very rarely if ever on minors in the state. Treatment and therapies mainly consist of hormonal treatment (such as reversible puberty blockers) and social transitioning (such as mental health counselling).

They say that this kind of legislation only seeks to further discriminate and isolate trans youth - a population which already experiences disproportionate rates of suicide.

Judge Meachum's order on Friday would stop nine investigations currently being carried out against families of transgender children, according to the Texas Tribune.

Amber Briggle, a Texas mother of a trans teen son, was informed that her family was under investigation in late February. In a statement posted to her blog, Ms Briggle said she felt Texas was "attempting to rip our family apart because we love our children unconditionally".

"When we were notified of the allegations, it was as if the wind had been knocked out of us," she wrote. "Raising a transgender child in Texas has been one long political emergency. It always seemed like this day would come."

Dozens of states are considering similar laws targeting trans youth. This week, Idaho lawmakers passed a similar bill that would make providing gender-transition care a felony with a life sentence. Parents could also be prosecuted if they leave the state to seek treatment for their children elsewhere.

During the State of the Union, President Joe Biden called on Congress to pass the Equality Act, which would amend the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, sexual orientation and gender identity. 

hat is the current system?

The Scottish government wants to simplify and speed up the existing process by which people can obtain a gender recognition certificate - the legal recognition of a trans person's "acquired" gender.

At present, people apply to a UK gender recognition panel and typically must present a diagnosis of gender dysphoria.

This is defined by the NHS as a "mismatch" between their biological sex (whether they were born physically male or female) and their gender identity (the way in which they see and describe themselves).

Applicants need to provide two medical reports, one from a specialist detailing their diagnosis and another listing any treatment or surgery they may have had to change their sexual characteristics.

They also must prove they have lived full-time in their acquired gender for at least two years - for example showing they have used a different name in official documents, or changed their gender on their driving licence or passport - and swear an oath that they intend to continue for the rest of their lives.
What is the proposal?

The Scottish government argues that the current process is too difficult and invasive, and causes distress to an already marginalised and vulnerable minority group.

Its proposal would see applications handled by the Registrar General for Scotland, rather than the UK panel.

No diagnosis or medical reports would be required, and the period in which applicants need to have lived in their acquired gender would be cut to three months.

However they would still need to swear an oath about remaining this way for life - with it being a criminal offence to make a false declaration or application - and there would be a three-month "reflection period" before a certificate was issued.

Why is it controversial?

In theory, only a small number of people would be directly affected by any reforms, with the NHS estimating that transgender people make up about 0.5% of the population.

Ireland made similar changes in 2015 and had granted an average of 115 applications per year up to 2020.

However some campaigners are concerned that allowing anyone to "self-identify" as a woman could impact on the rights women have fought for decades to secure, and which are themselves enshrined in equalities law.

There are also concerns about access to women-only spaces and services, including hospital wards and refuges.

While attitudes towards gender may have become more fluid, many things in society are still binary - from changing rooms to elite sporting events to prisons - and some are wary about changing this.

The relatively narrow issue of the certification process has become a focal point for a broader debate about gender identity and politics. And this debate has become hotly contested, in particular online.

What does the public think?

The Scottish government has held two consultations on its plans, which between them attracted more than 30,000 responses.

The second, focused on the draft legislation, garnered 17,058 submissions. An analysis of these responses said "a small majority of organisations broadly supported changing to a statutory declaration-based system", with about four in 10 not supporting this and one in 10 not taking a clear position.

While responses were fairly polarised between the two sides, one "area of shared concern" was identified - that the debate around the issue had become "toxic" and was "underpinned by a social media culture in which people are being bullied and harassed by those taking a different view".

    The dividing lines over Scotland's gender laws

Despite strong feelings tending to dominate the debate, a BBC survey suggested that 67% of people had not been following the issue closely.

This meant that while responses indicated a general sympathy towards trans people, there was uncertainty and hesitation around the specifics of the proposed changes.

There was also a clear age divide on almost all questions in the BBC survey, with under-35s being much more inclined to support reforms.

What does Nicola Sturgeon say?

The first minister has acknowledged that some people have "genuinely held concerns" about the plans - while noting that others have latched onto the issue to spread transphobia.

However over the several years that the plans have been debated in Scotland, she has repeatedly insisted that trans rights and women's rights need not clash.

Ms Sturgeon said: "I am a lifelong feminist, a feminist to my fingertips. But I also think it's really important that we protect and enhance the rights of trans people, one of the most stigmatised minorities in our society.

"And I do not believe that the rights of women and the rights of trans people need be in conflict."

The SNP leader has also hit out at transphobia within her own party, saying that "it is wrong and we must treat it with the zero tolerance we treat racism or homophobia".

What do critics say?

The Equalities and Human Rights Commission - which initially backed the Scottish government's proposals as a "simplified system" - has now urged ministers to rethink the plans.

Chairwoman Baroness Falkner backed the existing system in a letter to Social Justice Secretary Shona Robison, saying: "The established legal concept of sex, together with the existing protections from gender reassignment discrimination for trans people and the ability for them to obtain legal recognition of their gender, collectively provide the correct balanced legal framework that protects everyone."

Several prominent SNP politicians - including government ministers Kate Forbes, Ash Regan and Ivan McKee - signed a letter in 2019 urging the government not to "rush" the proposals, arguing that "changing the definition of male and female is a matter of profound significance".

Meanwhile author JK Rowling has become one of the most prominent voices in the debate, saying that reading about the Scottish government's proposals had "triggered" her due to memories of being sexually assaulted.

Ms Rowling said her life had been "shaped by being female" and argued that "erasing the concept of sex removes the ability of many to meaningfully discuss their lives".

What is going to happen?

The Scottish government is expected to table a bill at Holyrood on Thursday, aiming to finally pass its reforms after previous attempts stalled.

While there is sure to be intense scrutiny and debate of the changes, it is likely ministers will have the votes to take them through parliament.

Some of the more prominent critics of the plans left Holyrood at the last election, and the SNP are now governing alongside the Scottish Greens, who are firmly supportive.

Scottish Labour is also in favour of reform, with its 2021 election manifesto including calls to "de-medicalise the process" and allow for recognition of people who identify as neither men or women.

And the Liberal Democrats back a "simple process based on the principle of self-determination, and without intrusive medical diagnosis requirements".

Only the Scottish Conservatives have voiced a more sceptical position, with MSP Murdo Fraser urging ministers to pause plans in light of the EHRC's intervention and engage in "proper, careful, evidence-led consideration of these issues".

A transgender teenager who took his own life two weeks into the first lockdown fell into a "black hole" of mental health services, his father said.

Danny France was being transferred from Suffolk children and adolescent mental health services to Cambridgeshire adult services when he died in April 2020.

His father said concerns remained that people "could fall into such a trap where nothing is being done for them".

The county council and mental health trust both said action was being taken.

Danny's sister Katie has previously said her brother "was an incredibly genuine, caring, and passionate person and his loss has left a huge void in our lives".

The 17-year-old grew up in Stetchworth, on the Cambridgeshire-Suffolk border and moved to Cambridge in November 2019 after finding "social life, college, everything" was in the city, his father Alastair France said.

Mr France said while the family had known about Danny's previous self-harming and suicide attempts his death was "so much unexpected" because they had made a plan for him to come home the following day.

Danny's inquest heard that his GP had referred him to Cambridgeshire and Peterborough NHS Foundation Trust (CPFT) for mental health care but he was still waiting on an assessment by the adult locality team when he died.

He had tried to refer himself for counselling but was denied as he was "considered too high risk", assistant coroner for Cambridgeshire Philip Barlow said in a prevention of future deaths report.

The area's First Response Service, which provides help for people experiencing a mental health crisis, also assessed Danny but he had been considered not in need of urgent intervention.

Cambridgeshire County Council had also incorrectly closed two safeguarding referrals for Danny, the coroner found.
Presentational grey line

Mr France said at the time his son moved to Cambridge he was "in a situation where the children's mental health services really [didn't] want to take someone on who will be 18 in six months, so you're waiting for the adult mental health services".

"The adult mental health services don't want to do anything," he said, "because they can't until you're 18 - so you fall into something of a black hole.

"Danny's death was certainly preventable and I think many lessons have been learned.

"There may be more to learn and if those lessons result in just one young person not going through this, then that's got to be a good thing."

Mr France said he believed "the pandemic really has hit young people".

"Danny's death occurred really early in the lockdowns but we know so many friends of Danny's that have gone through conjuring with their own demons through the times when they've not been able to meet," Mr France said.

Commenting on the coroner's finding of "considerable delay in obtaining appointments for the gender identity clinic", Mr France said such delays were happening to people "while they're going through massive changes in their own bodies and they're in bodies they hate, which is phenomenally difficult for their mental health".

A council spokesperson said it was aware of a "responsibility to collectively learn from Danny's tragic death" with other partners and said it had "put in place actions that will improve our practice when dealing with young people in vulnerable situation".

A spokesperson for CPFT said it had made changes, adding: "We continue to work with partners to learn any additional lessons and further improve treatment pathways so that all young people can access the support they need as quickly as possible."

US competitive swimming's governing body has updated its policy on the eligibility of transgender athletes.

A three-person medical panel will now determine whether "prior physical development of the athlete as a male" gives transgender swimmers an unfair advantage, USA Swimming says.

There will also be testosterone tests for 36 months before competitions.

It comes as a transgender Pennsylvania university athlete has been smashing female swimming records.

The new policy was released on Tuesday and is effective immediately.

    Trans athletes face 'huge' equality fight
    Breaking barriers as transgender athlete
    Are trans women really a 'threat' to female sport?

In a statement, USA Swimming said it "has and will continue to champion gender equity and the inclusivity of all cisgender and transgender women and their rights to participate in sport, while also fervently supporting competitive equity at elite levels of competition".

The policy for elite athletes, it said, "acknowledges a competitive difference in the male and female categories and the disadvantages this presents in elite head-to-head competition".

USA Swimming cited data showing that the top-ranked female athlete in 2021 would on average be ranked below 536th on male events that year.

The new policy "relies on science and medical evidence-based methods to provide a level-playing field for elite cisgender women", USA Swimming said.

They added that the policy serves "to mitigate the advantages associated with male puberty and physiology".

The policy update comes amid controversy over University of Pennsylvania transgender swimmer Lia Thomas, who competed on the men's team for three seasons before starting hormone replacement therapy in spring 2019.

She has shattered records for her university swim team, posting the fastest time of any female swimmer.

At a meeting in Ohio in December, Ms Thomas qualified for the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) championships finishing 38 seconds ahead of her second-place teammate.

On Tuesday, Ms Thomas' teammates released a statement supporting her.

"As members of the Penn Women's Swimming and Diving team and teammates of Lia Thomas, we want to express our full support for Lia in her transition," the team members said in a statement provided to US media.

"We value her as a person, teammate, and friend," they said, pushing back against anonymous statements to the press, which they said were "not representative of the feelings, values, and opinions of the entire Penn team, composed of 39 women with diverse backgrounds".

According to ESPN, it is unclear how many teammates supported the unsigned letter.

Ms Thomas has declined to speak publicly about the controversy, giving only one interview to the SwimSwam podcast.

"It's not healthy for me to read it and engage with it at all, and so I don't, and that's all I'll say on that," she said.

Families of students on the team have spoken out, with one anonymous parent recently telling the Washington Post: "There is no chance this year. They train hard but know that they cannot beat Lia."

Last month, parents sent a letter to the NCAA, demanding the rules be changed for transgender swimmers.
line

New International Olympic Committee guidance on transgender inclusion could undermine integrity in sport, say a group of medical experts.

The IOC says it should not be assumed a transgender athlete automatically has an unfair advantage in female events.

Its new framework also changes the policy on requiring transgender women to suppress testosterone levels in order to compete in those events.

A statement questioning the move has been signed by 38 medical experts.

They are linked to the International Federation of Sports Medicine and European Federation of Sports Medicine Associations.

Authors of the statement - published in the British Medical Journal Open Sport and Exercise Medicine

- include the head of World Athletics' medical department, the medical director of cycling's ruling body the UCI and the chair of World Rowing's medicine commission.

They say the guidance has been drafted mainly from a human rights perspective with little consideration of medical and scientific issues.

The statement calls on the IOC to set formal standards, based on competitive fairness and the best available science, for sports to follow.

"The authors would like to see further discussion and consultation with all stakeholders," it reads.

The IOC's framework on transgender inclusion, which replaces guidelines issued in 2015, places responsibility on individual federations to determine eligibility criteria in their sport.

In their statement, the medical experts say most federations will not have the capacity to implement the new guidance.

The 10-point IOC document is "not legally binding" and not every sport is expected to find a solution before the Paris 2024 Olympics.

The old policy said transgender athletes would be allowed to compete provided their testosterone levels were below a certain limit for at least 12 months before their first competition.

Under the new guidance, relying on testosterone levels alone in female events is no longer deemed sufficient grounds to determine whether or not a competitor has an unfair advantage.

"You don't need to use testosterone [to decide who can compete] at all. But this is guidance, it's not an absolute rule," said IOC medical director Richard Budgett in November.

The statement from the medical experts reads: "As high testosterone concentrations can provide a baseline advantage for competitors in certain sports, high testosterone concentrations must be mitigated in the female category of these sports to maintain fairness and integrity."

    'Transgender inclusion, fairness and safety often cannot co-exist', says major review

The IOC's new framework was prepared over two years in consultation with more than 250 athletes and other stakeholders, and will be implemented after next month's Beijing Winter Olympics.

The guidance also applies to athletes with differences of sex development (DSD) such as South African 800m runner Caster Semenya.

Governing body World Athletics has defended its existing policy, which forces DSD athletes to suppress their testosterone levels to compete in certain events, citing the rejection of Semenya's challenge of the rules by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in 2019.

In September 2021 the Sports Councils Equality Group (SCEG) said transgender inclusion in sport could be improved by adding 'open' and 'universal' categories to male and female ones.

Its review of non-elite sport in the UK concluded that current policies were not fit for purpose and required a reset.

"For many sports, the inclusion of transgender people, fairness and safety cannot co-exist in a single competitive model," it said.

wo councillors who proposed possible measures to boost transgender and non-binary awareness said they faced a "wave of online abuse".

Green councillor Chris Jarvis said they and their fellow Green councillor Lucy Pegg were labelled "creepy" ahead of an Oxford City Council meeting.

Their motion was backed overwhelmingly at the meeting on Monday.

More inclusive forms could be rolled out, along with gender neutral toilets as a result of the motion.

The council also voted to encourage training for councillors and council staff "to raise awareness of difficulties faced by transgender and non-binary people".

Steps will also be taken to request that the city council flies the transgender flag on the International Trans Day of Visibility on 31 March and on the Trans Day of Remembrance on 20 November.

Chris Jarvis said when they came out as non-binary in 2013 there was "barely a flutter".

They said a "manufactured moral panic" is now "putting people's wellbeing and safety under threat".

But they said the moves would ensure Oxford could be a "beacon of hope, inclusivity and safety for all".

Ms Pegg told the meeting: "As a queer woman, I have benefitted unimaginably from the campaigners who came before me who fought for gay rights.

"I believe we now have a responsibility to fight with the same fire and determination for the rights of our transgender and non-binary friends."

The council's deputy leader Tom Hayes said the motion showed "we are stronger together than when we choose to stand apart". 

In September, news leaked that the Thai immigration authorities had made an unusual arrest in Bangkok.

The detainee was Nur Sajat Kamaruzzaman, a glamorous, 36-year-old Malaysian cosmetics entrepreneur with a huge social media following.

The Malaysian authorities immediately sought her extradition on charges of insulting Islam, which had been brought against her in January, and which are punishable by up to three years in prison.

Nur Sajat's offence was to wear a baju kurung, the traditional long-sleeved outfit worn by Malay women, at a private religious ceremony she held in 2018.

Nur Sajat is a transgender woman, and as such she was given refugee status and allowed by Thailand to seek asylum in Australia.

In the eyes of the Malaysian authorities, Nur Sajat is considered male, and under Islamic law, a man cannot dress as a woman.

Speaking to the BBC from Sydney, she said she had no choice but to flee, after being assaulted by officers from JAIS, the religious affairs department in the state of Selangor, which had brought the charges against her.

"I had to run away. I was treated harshly, I was hit, pushed, handcuffed, all in front of my parents and family. I felt ashamed and sad. I gave them my cooperation, but they still did that to me," she said.

"Maybe it was because they see me as a trans woman, so they did not care if I was held, beaten, stamped on. We trans women have feelings too. We deserve to live our lives like normal people."

Gender confusion'

Nur Sajat is a successful, self-made entrepreneur. Seven years ago, she says, she began promoting herself on social media. She developed her own skincare and health supplements, doing particularly well with a corset carrying her brand name.

With an immaculately-groomed appearance and playful social media posts, she gained hundreds of thousands of followers and became a national celebrity. Then the questions about her gender began.

It had never really been a secret. Nur Sajat took part in a famous transgender beauty contest in Thailand in 2013, winning an award for her dance.

What raised eyebrows in Malaysia was that she was also an observant Muslim and posted pictures wearing the hijab, the Islamic head covering for women.

She explained to those who asked that she had been born with both male and female genitalia, or intersex - a condition which in Islam is treated with more tolerance than those who change their birth gender.

In 2017, Nur Sajat announced that physically she was now fully a woman, and posted a doctor's report to support it.

The authorities decided to investigate. JAKIM, the Department of Islamic Development, said it would need proof that she was born intersex. It offered to help Nur Sajat with what it called "gender confusion".

There was more controversy last year when pictures were published of Nur Sajat, dressed in women's prayer garments, with her family on a pilgrimage to Mecca, sparking criticism from conservative Muslims.

She later apologised for being the cause of such an uproar, but within a year she was facing criminal charges.
Nur Sajat

"When I was in the holy land I just wanted to ask myself... maybe there is a reason for how I was born?" Nur Sajat said. "As a transgender woman, and Muslim, I believe I have the right to express my religion in my own way. There is no reason for them to punish me as if they are doing God's work."

The BBC asked the Malaysian Religious Affairs Department to comment on Nur Sajat's case but has not had a response.

In September, Religious Affairs Minister Idris Ahmad said: "If he is willing to come to us, admits doing wrong, if he is willing to return to his true nature, there is no problem. We do not want to punish him, we just want to educate him."

We asked Mohammad Asri Zainul Abidin, the Mufti, or senior Islamic advisor in the state of Perlis, whether it was possible for Malaysian Muslims to accept transgender people.

"For me Sajat is an isolated case," he said. "Sajat did many things that provoked the religious authorities to react. Normally in Islam we do not interfere in personal issues. That is between you and God. But we will never recognise this sin. If you only feel you are a woman, and want to enter the women's toilets, you cannot do that."

Malaysia has a dual-track legal system, with Islamic sharia law used in the country's 13 states and three federal territories to regulate family and moral matters for the 60% of the population which is Muslim. This creates constant problems for the LGBTQI community.

"Sharia Law specifically targets our community in every state," said Nisha Ayub, a transgender campaigner who was herself once jailed for wearing women's clothing.

"And because of the existence of Sharia Law we have politicians, leaders, religious authorities who give out very negative statements about the community. And this creates a very unsafe, un-enabling environment for us."

Moving towards 'Islamisation'

But it was not always like this.

"Malaysia was once actually very tolerant and accepting of the transgender community," said Rozana Isa, who founded Sisters in Islam, a group working on women's rights within Islam which has supported Nur Sajat.

"You saw them living very visibly among our families, in our communities, taking part in public life. But for more than 30 years we have embarked on a policy of Islamisation. So you have seen more laws, and more interpretations of Islam, which are much more narrow in terms of acceptance of diversity."

Islam is not only the official religion of the Malaysian federation, but is also defined as an essential attribute of being Malay, the largest of the country's diverse ethnic groups. 

To win elections, political parties know they must do well in the so-called 'Malay heartlands', where people tend to have a more conservative religious outlook. Parties often appeal to these areas with calls for a more strident defence of Islamic values.

With Malaysian politics in an unusually turbulent state recently, and the economy shattered by Covid-19, some suspect the heavy-handed pursuit of Nur Sajat was driven more by a weak government in need of Muslim support than by genuine religious concerns.

But Nisha Ayub argued it was still the government's responsibility to ensure the protection of transgender rights, regardless of different Islamic views. She pointed out that other Islamic countries like Pakistan and Iran have changed their laws to do this.

"If our leaders would recognise minorities as part of our society, things would change," she said. "Everything starts from the laws that need to be reformed. So long as there are laws specifically targeting our community, things will never change."

Nur Sajat badly misses her adopted son and daughter, who are being looked after by her family in Malaysia, but she has been encouraged by the opportunity to share her experience with other transgender people in Australia.

Rozana Isa, the founder of Sisters in Islam, called for Malaysians "to be more open and mature about social media".

"Why are we putting so much blame on Sajat? She wasn't harming anyone by her postings, or by being in Mecca. We instead need to police ourselves, instead of policing others." 

New guidance from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) says there should be no assumption that a transgender athlete automatically has an unfair advantage in female events.

Its new framework on transgender inclusion, released on Tuesday, places responsibility on individual federations to determine eligibility criteria in their sport.

The 10-point document is "not legally binding" and not every sport is expected to find a solution before Paris 2024.

The framework, which replaces IOC guidelines issued in 2015, also changes the policy on requiring transgender women to suppress testosterone levels in order to compete in female events.

The old policy that said transgender athletes would be allowed to compete provided their testosterone levels were below a certain limit for at least 12 months before their first competition.

Relying on testosterone levels alone in female events is no longer deemed sufficient grounds to determine whether or not a competitor has an unfair advantage.

"You don't need to use testosterone [to decide who can compete] at all. But this is guidance, it's not an absolute rule," said IOC medical director Richard Budgett.

    'Transgender inclusion, fairness and safety often cannot co-exist' says major review

The framework was prepared over two years in consultation with more than 250 athletes and other stakeholders, and will be implemented after next year's Beijing Winter Games.

"What we are offering to all the international federations is our expertise and a dialogue, rather than jumping to a conclusion," said Kaveh Mehrabi, director of the IOC's athletes' department.

"This is a process that we have to go through with each federation on a case-by-case basis and see what is required."

The IOC's new framework also applies to athletes with differences of sex development (DSD) such as the South African 800m runner Caster Semenya.

Governing body World Athletics defended its existing policy, which forces DSD athletes to suppress their testosterone levels to compete in certain events, citing the rejection of Semenya's challenge of the rules by the Court of Arbitration for Sport in 2019.

Its statement read: "To the extent the IOC document diverges from our regulation, we would simply note that the Court of Arbitration for Sport panel in 2019 found that the DSD regulations were a necessary, reasonable, and proportionate means of achieving World Athletics' legitimate objective of maintaining fair and meaningful competition in the female category."

    Caster Semenya Q&A: Who is she; what is DSD; why is her case important?
    Laurel Hubbard: The reluctant history-maker at the centre of sport's transgender debate

The IOC also said medical testing and "invasive physical examinations" used to verify an athlete's gender were "disrespectful" and "potentially harmful".

"We really want to make sure that athletes are not pressured or coerced into making a harmful decision about their bodies," said Magali Martowicz, IOC head of human rights.

The guidance stresses that athletes should be part of the decision-making process.

It adds that restrictions should be based on robust credible research and that sports should follow all the criteria to prove a disproportionate advantage or safety risk exists.

"The IOC recognises that it must be within the remit of each sport and its governing body to determine how an athlete may be at a disproportionate advantage compared with their peers, taking into consideration the nature of each sport," reads the framework.

"The IOC is therefore not in a position to issue regulations that define eligibility criteria for every sport, discipline or event across the very different national jurisdictions and sport systems."

US comedian Dave Chappelle, whose latest Netflix special sparked a transgender backlash, has hit back at those he says want to "cancel" him.

Chappelle posted on Instagram that he was willing to meet members of the transgender community, amid criticism his comedy show was transphobic.

He also invited viewers to decide whether he had been "cancelled".

It comes after a small protest last week outside the Netflix headquarters in Los Angeles.

Critics have taken offence at Chappelle's Netflix special, The Closer, in which he says "gender is a fact" and that LGBT people are "too sensitive".

Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos apologised for how he handled internal dissent from employees, saying: "I screwed up."

Chappelle's video, posted on his Instagram account on Monday, was filmed at his performance in Louisville, Kentucky, on Sunday, according to CNN. It was his first public reaction to critics since his special debuted on 5 October. He appeared at the show alongside popular podcaster Joe Rogan.

"It's been said in the press that I was invited to speak to transgender employees at Netflix and I refused," Chappelle, 48, told the audience.

"That is not true. If they had invited me I would have accepted it. Although I am confused about what we are speaking about... You said you want a safe working environment at Netflix. Well it seems like I'm the only one that can't go to the office anymore."

"To the transgender community, I am more than willing to give you an audience," he continued. "But you will not summon me. I am not bending to anybody's demands."

He also denied that he was in conflict with the LGBT community, saying "this has nothing to do with them. It's about corporate interests and what I can say and what I cannot say."

Last week Netflix reported record subscriber numbers of 213.5 million globally.

Chappelle also said the special had led to him being disinvited from showing his latest documentary, Untitled, at film festivals.

"Today, not a film company, not a movie studio, not a film festival... will touch this film," he said, calling on people to see his new film and decide "am I cancelled or not?"

The US assistant secretary for health has been sworn in as the first transgender four-star officer in the country's history.

Dr Rachel Levine, 63, is now an admiral of the US Public Health Service Commissioned Corps.

Dr Levine, appointed by President Joe Biden, is already the highest-ranking openly transgender official in the US.

She described the occasion as "momentous" and "historic" during a swearing-in speech on Tuesday.

"May this appointment today be the first of many more to come, as we create a diverse and more inclusive future," she said in a speech that paid tribute to other LGBTQ individuals who came before her.

Dr Levine is a graduate of Harvard College and Tulane University School of Medicine and previously worked as a paediatrician.

The US Public Health Service Commissioned Corps has about 6,000 uniformed officers and is tasked with responding to health crises like the coronavirus pandemic and natural disasters.

Secretary of Health Xavier Becerra described Dr Levine's appointment to the job as a "giant step forward towards equality as a nation". 

She also served as Pennsylvania's physician general and the state's secretary of health, working on issues like responding to widespread opioid addiction.

Dr Levine was confirmed as US assistant secretary for health in a 52-48 Senate vote in March.

During the confirmation process, the nominee faced questions over her handling of the coronavirus pandemic in nursing homes during her time as health secretary of Pennsylvania.

Critics blamed the deaths of many elderly people on a state policy that required nursing homes to accept Covid patients.

Shortly after implementing that measure, Dr Levine acknowledged having moved her own mother out of a care home as virus cases rose.

ransgender inclusion in sport could be improved by adding 'open' and 'universal' categories to male and female ones, new guidance says.

A wide-ranging review of transgender inclusion in non-elite sport in the UK has concluded the current policies are not fit for purpose and require a reset.

The Sports Councils Equality Group (SCEG) said "for many sports, the inclusion of transgender people, fairness and safety cannot co-exist in a single competitive model".

    Read the full guidance

The guidance covers community sport up to national level - not international, professional or elite sport.

It says the governing bodies for each sport should work out their priorities, and choose whether they will focus on inclusion or "competitive fairness" - and safety if relevant - within the current format of their sport.

So for example, contact, collision and combat sports which choose to prioritise safety - or sports based on strength, stamina or physique which choose to prioritise "competitive fairness" - could create extra "universal admission" categories for transgender athletes.

The new guidance has been developed by Sport England, Sport Scotland, Sport Northern Ireland, Sport Wales and UK Sport after an 18-month consultation and review of the existing research.

It concludes "testosterone suppression is unlikely to guarantee fairness between transgender women and natal females in gender-affected sports" and there are "retained differences in strength, stamina and physique between the average woman compared with the average transgender woman or non-binary person registered male at birth".

"In order to survive and thrive in the future, sport must adapt to reflect modern society, and that often, it is too slow to do so," the guidance says.

It states that if sports choose to continue categorising participants within male and female, they are encouraged to consider creating additional versions of their sports, including "universal admission" or open categories.

Governing bodies are encouraged to "think in innovative and creative ways to ensure nobody is left out".

There are 10 guiding principles for the "reimagining" of transgender inclusion policies.

One of those relates specifically to testosterone suppression, which has been used as a way of including transgender women in women's sport.

The International Olympic Committee (IOC), for example, issued guidance in 2015 stating transgender women must suppress testosterone levels for at least 12 months before competition.

Updated guidance from the IOC was recently delayed, though its medical and science director, Dr Richard Budgett, said in July that the science has "moved on" from 2015.

The SCEG said: "Our work exploring the latest research, evidence and studies made clear that there are retained differences in strength, stamina and physique between the average woman compared with the average transgender woman or non-binary person registered male at birth, with or without testosterone suppression."

In the Tokyo 2020 Olympics this summer, transgender athlete Laurel Hubbard made Games history by competing in the women's +87kg weightlifting.

Hubbard became the first openly transgender athlete to compete at a Games in a different gender category to the one in which they were born.

In October last year, World Rugby became the first international sports federation to say transgender women cannot compete at the elite and international level of the women's game "on safety grounds".

The review has been described by those in charge of the sports councils as a "challenging and emotive piece of work", consisting of an independent consultation including interviews and surveys, involving respondents from 54 sports and 175 organisations.

A foreword written by the chief executives of the sports councils says: "We want this guidance to open up, rather than close down opportunities for everyone, recognising that many other people already feel excluded from sport and physical activity.

"While our consultation found that there was widespread support for ensuring that sport was a welcoming place for everyone in society, including for transgender people, it also highlighted that there were concerns relating to safety and fairness in relation to transgender inclusion, particularly in female sport, and that there was no consensus on a single solution as to how this should be addressed."
What else did the report say?

Here are some further key points from the review and guidance:

    There is no one solution to suit everyone. The guidance recognises there needs to be different solutions for different sports, so it is about acknowledging the needs of different groups.
    For many sports, the inclusion of transgender people, fairness and safety cannot co-exist in a single competitive model.
    If a sport governing body considers transgender inclusion, fairness, and safety are all priorities, then a model for decision-making around the best options and opportunities should be developed.
    Evidence indicates it is fair and safe for transgender people to be included within the male category in most sports.
    Competitive fairness cannot be reconciled with self-identification into the female category in gender-affected sport.
    There are likely to be times in which some transgender people cannot or choose not to be registered, either in the short or long-term, within sex binary categories..
    'Case-by-case' assessment is unlikely to be practical nor verifiable for entry into gender-affected sports.
    Some governing bodies will need to create a mechanism where domestic competition can lead to an international competition pathway.

What has been the reaction?

Robbie de Santos, Stonewall: "It is extremely harmful for this guidance to suggest that there is an inherent conflict between inclusion, fairness and safety, when in reality, the three go hand in hand.

"Amidst the current manufactured moral panic around trans people, it is important that governing bodies' policies are based on solid evidence about the reality of sport and inclusion.

"The truth is that trans women are already participating in sports, without any evidence that they are disproportionately succeeding in competitive sport or posing safety risks - which this guidance fails to properly reflect in its use of data.

"The beauty of sport is that it is for everyone and this guidance moves us away from that core principle, by creating confusing, unnecessary distinctions for sporting bodies to navigate.

"We urge that the Sport Councils Equality Group reflect on the real-life impacts of this guidance on trans people who play sport, and support the development of more robust research, based on the current realities of trans inclusion in sport, in order to better guide governing bodies."

Dr Nicola Williams, Fair Play For Women:

"It is now increasingly recognised that the existing approach to transgender inclusion in sport is out of date and no longer fit for purpose. We commend the Sports Councils for taking the lead to address this difficult and sensitive issue.

"This comprehensive review confirms what we all know: sex matters in sport. That's why we have always needed a separate protected category for females and still do.

"It's good to see all the UK's sports councils confirming that reserving a sport category for biological females is both lawful and necessary to guarantee the fair and safe inclusion of women in sport.

"This guidance puts an end to the idea that it is possible to allow people, who were born male into the female sports category, without women and girls paying the price." 

Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said he has spoken to MP Rosie Duffield over the party's stance on transgender issues.

Ms Duffield will not be attending this year's party conference because of online threats to her safety.

The Canterbury MP has clashed with campaigners over her views on self identification for trans people.

Sir Keir said: "The debate must be with integrity, people must be able to come to conference.

"I've spoken to Rosie Duffield on a number of occasions, including this week, to make it absolutely clear that as a matter of principle everybody must be able to attend Labour Party conference and feel safe and secure in doing so."
Trans people 'most marginalised'

Ms Duffield has regularly used social media to outline her own position on transgender issues.

She believes there should be protected spaces where those born male are not allowed to go, such as domestic violence refuges and prisons, and she is against people being able to self-identify as trans to gain access to those spaces.

Speaking to BBC South East ahead of next week's conference in Brighton, Sir Keir said: "The trans communities are among the most marginalised communities... therefore we have to find a way forward, the current legislation I don't think works in the way that it should.

"We should have a process for self-identification, but I'm equally clear that the equalities legislation applies, and that means that in certain circumstances there can be an exemption.

"That's been Labour Party policy, actually common sense, for a long time, and we went through that with Rosie and with others this week."

Analysis


This is an issue that many feel passionately about because it gets to the heart of important themes like gender and identity.

Some, including Ms Duffield, believe spaces like domestic violence refuges should not be accessible to people born male.

Others, like Brighton Kemptown's MP Lloyd Russell-Moyle, say a blanket ban on trans people would be discriminatory.

Sir Keir Starmer says he's sticking to the provision outlined in the 2010 Equality Act.

But some are still calling for more clarity from the Labour leader on how the law should work in practice. 

An original version of this article was published in September 2020.

"When I was figuring out who I was, it was really scary and I didn't really understand if I had a future in football, if I had a future in life."

Quinn doesn't like living in the spotlight. Yet as a professional athlete, it often comes with the territory.

But little provides a greater platform than sport, and despite being a self-proclaimed introvert, Quinn recognised the power of using that platform and of "being visible".

And so, in September 2020, Quinn, a defender for Canada's women's football team, publicly came out as transgender.

"It's really difficult when you don't see people like yourself in the media or even around you or in your profession,"

Quinn told BBC Sport. "I was operating in the space of being a professional footballer and I wasn't seeing people like me".

Quinn, who has played 63 times for Canada, won Olympic bronze at Rio 2016, and will take home at least silver from Tokyo 2020, with Canada facing Sweden in the final on Friday.

The 25-year-old remains eligible to compete in women's sport despite identifying as transgender because gender identity differs from a person's sex - their physical biology.

Most people, unless they're non-binary, have a gender identity of male or female.

Quinn was assigned female at birth but after many years of questioning themselves, realised their own gender identity did not match their sex.

In an exclusive interview in September, Quinn told BBC Sport how there are still "spaces of ignorance" in women's football, their Olympic ambitions, and their concern as sporting governing bodies start to weigh up transgender policies.

'More learning to be done' in women's football

On coming out as transgender in an Instagram post, it marked the end of Quinn living "essentially two different lives".

"I really didn't like feeling like I had a disconnect between different parts of my life, being a public figure, and so I wanted to live authentically," they said.

"I think being visible is huge and it's something that helped me when I was trying to figure out my identity.

"I wanted to pass that along and then hopefully other people will come out as well if they feel safe to do so and I can create a safer space for them."

Quinn had their first interactions with transgender people at college and it was at that point, they said, that they "really understood that was who I was". 

"I couldn't verbalise what I was feeling before and I didn't have the right language to articulate how I was feeling before that.

"We live in a world that is so binary and I have been receiving messages ever since I was a young child about how I should act, how I should portray myself and how I should be and anything that deviated from that was essentially wrong.

"I wanted to live my authentic self, dress the way I wanted to, present the way I wanted to, and that wasn't always seen as positive, so that was really hard to digest."

Those in Quinn's personal circle have known their identity for some time, and the reaction from Canada team-mates, who they told in an email, was "overwhelmingly positive".

For "the most part", women's football is a supportive space, added OL Reign player Quinn, but there are still "spaces of ignorance".

"It's been a really long ride with [Canada team-mates] and they are people who I consider some of my best friends," Quinn said. "A lot of those players have been my concrete supports going through this process.

"I think when looking at the larger realm of women's football there still are spaces of ignorance and there is a little bit of push back, so those are definitely opinions that I want to see change over a period of time and to create a completely safe space for me, because quite honestly I don't think sport is there yet and women's football is there yet."

Despite their team-mates' acceptance and support, Quinn admitted there is "still a lot of learning to be done".

"I'm really open for my team-mates wanting to talk to me," Quinn said. "I wasn't taught throughout the course of my life what it meant to be trans, all the language around it. I think that's something that's new for a lot of people.

"Once I started living more authentically in my life, whether that's just how I present myself or coming out to them as trans, I think they've all said to me it's really incredible to see me just live my authentic self and how I've exuded a different level of confidence, and how it just fits with who I am as a person."

Speaking in September, before they were selected for the Olympics, Quinn said playing at Tokyo 2020 would make them "incredibly proud".

"That was one of the reasons why I came out publicly, it's because I want to be visible and I think the Olympics is a massive platform to have that visibility," Quinn said.

"It's my hope that I might be the first and that's really exciting, but it's also my hope that there are other people following in my footsteps and so I hope that it opens the door to other trans athletes being represented at the Olympics."

Since 2004, transgender athletes have been allowed to compete at the Olympics.

Those who have transitioned from female to male are allowed to do so without restriction. However, current International Olympic Committee guidelines, issued in November 2015, state transgender women (those who have transitioned from male to female) must suppress testosterone levels for at least 12 months before competition.

In athletics, the Court of Arbitration for Sport's most recent ruling permitted the restriction of testosterone levels in female runners to protect "the integrity of female athletics" - but raised concerns about how those rules would be applied.

Explicit IOC guidelines do not exist for non-binary athletes - those whose gender identity falls outside the categories of man or woman.

The IOC says it is trying to strike the right balance

of fair and equal competition, while not excluding trans athletes from the opportunity to participate.

These rules are in place for Tokyo 2020, but a consultation process is ongoing.

Critics of the IOC's current position argue people born biologically male who transition after puberty retain a physical advantage over their competitors.

Quinn's announcement also came at a time when various governing bodies were weighing up their own policies towards transgender athlete participation, with World Rugbybanning trans women from playing at the top level in October.

"I think that we need to focus on why we're in sports in the first place and the celebration of the excellence of our bodies," Quinn said.

"I'm just another person doing the thing that I love to do and I get the privilege do that every day on the pitch."

"I just want to be me and do what I do," she told a reporter in her native New Zealand, after returning home with two silver medals from the World Championships.

Two years later, her victory in the +87kg category at the Pacific Games

in Samoa provoked accusations of unfairness - due to the fact she had lived as a man for the first three decades of her life before coming out as a transgender woman aged 33 in 2012, then resuming her sports career.

Since her victories

in Anaheim four years ago, Hubbard has rarely spoken to the media - choosing to remove herself from the whirlwind gathering around her and the entire, often polarising, trans rights debate.

In that 2017 interview, Hubbard said she hoped people would be understanding and open to her competing as a woman.

"People believe what they believe when they are shown something that may be new and different to what they know. It's instinctive to be defensive," she said.

"It's not really my job to change what they think, what they feel and what they believe. I just hope they look at the bigger picture, rather than just trusting whatever their gut may have told them."

On Monday she will become the first openly transgender athlete to compete in a different gender category to that which they were born at an Olympic Games.
Who is Laurel Hubbard?

As a junior, Hubbard was the national record holder and was lifting a total of 300kg in domestic men's competitions before quitting in 2001 at the age of 23.

She has since said: "It just became too much to bear... the pressure of trying to fit into a world that perhaps wasn't really set up for people like myself."

Now 43, she will become the third oldest lifter in Olympic history. The New Zealand Olympic Committee's Ashley Abbott called her a "really important role model" who "opens a conversation about inclusivity".

"If you see someone like you achieving on the world stage, it's a really wonderful opportunity to see that there is a pathway," said Abbott.

Since returning to competition, Hubbard has won seven international tournament gold medals.

After suffering an elbow injury when leading the 2018 Commonwealth Games, she thought her career was over but battled back and won Pacific Games gold in 2019 and finished sixth at the Worlds.

At Tokyo 2020 in the +87kg category she has a chance to add Olympic gold, though at present her world ranking and the weights she is lifting suggest she is an outside contender for the medal positions.

Her best total in the Tokyo qualifying period of 285kg was the fourth highest of those eligible to compete - and is 50kg less than the best lift of China's Li Wenwen, the 21-year-old favourite.

Though changing the world may not be top of her agenda, Hubbard's selection as the first trans athlete in an individual sport goes a long way towards changing centuries of sporting tradition.

"I am grateful and humbled by the kindness and support that has been given to me by so many New Zealanders," was the short, simple statement she made after her selection for the Games.

On Friday, the IOC released another statement on her behalf which read: "I see the Olympic Games as a global celebration of our hopes, ideals and values and I would like to thank the IOC for its commitment to making sport inclusive and accessible."

Abbott said Hubbard was "keeping a low profile" and told reporters on Friday she would be shielded from "anything negative in the social media space".

"We all need to remember that there's a person behind all these technical questions," said Abbott.

At the same briefing, Richard Budgett - the medical and scientific director of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) - said: "Laurel Hubbard is a woman and is competing under the rules of her federation.

"We have to pay tribute to her courage and tenacity in qualifying for the Games."
So what are those rules?

In 2004, the IOC permitted transgender athletes to take part in the Olympics.

And since 2015, its stipulations have stated athletes who have transitioned from male to female can compete in women's sport - without requiring surgery - as long as they have declared their gender identity is female for at least four years and kept their testosterone level below 10 nanomoles per litre for at least 12 months.

In addition, for individual sports, the IOC allows sporting federations to set their own guidelines. World Athletics has set five nanomoles per litre as its benchmark, and it is likely others, such as the International Weightlifting Federation will adopt the same, once an ongoing IOC study is completed.

According to NHS data,

men's testosterone levels range between 10 and 30 nanomoles per litre dependant on factors including age and time of day, but a younger healthy male typically ranges between 20 and 30. Women's testosterone levels range between 0.7 and 2.8.

Hubbard and others must take hormone suppressing drugs to reduce their testosterone levels.

Very few sporting bodies have created their own transgender policies despite the IOC framework encouraging them to do so. And the IOC's own rules are likely to undergo many revisions in the future.

Indeed, the Olympic body is currently reviewing its policy, telling the BBC it is working on "a new comprehensive and rights-respecting approach to address the complexity of this issue".

Its consultation, the IOC says, will consider "not only medical, scientific and legal perspectives, but also that of human rights".

And what will emerge will be "suitable mechanisms, policies, and approaches to ensure inclusion, non-discrimination, fairness, proportionality, and safety for all athletes in each sport".

As a reflection of the divergent approaches, last year World Rugby banned trans women from playing at the top level, saying studies showed significantly higher risk of injuries. The Rugby Football Union's domestic policy in England does allow trans women to play, under certain testosterone-based conditions.

Budgett defended the time being taken to produce updated transgender guidelines, saying it would have been "inappropriate" to publish a new framework just before the Olympics.

"There is lots of disagreement across the whole world of sport," Budgett said. "It really has to be sport specific and up to each sport, and even each discipline, as to what the rules are."

The science is debated

The process of transitioning from male to female in itself significantly reduces testosterone, and studies have shown this impacts athleticism and strength.

"In the first months of transition I put on 10kg," Italian transgender sprinter Valentina Petrillo recently told the BBC. "I can't eat the way I did before. I became anaemic, my haemoglobin is low, I'm always cold, I don't have the same physical strength, my sleep isn't what it was, I have mood swings."

The IOC's Budgett said: "There is a lot of research to ascertain the residual advantage after going through male puberty, but you have to weigh that against all the other disadvantages of going through transition. It is not something any individual would take lightly.

"There are lots of aspects of physiology and anatomy, and the mental side, that contribute to an elite performance, and it is very difficult to say: 'Yes, she has an advantage.' There are so many other factors to take into account."

Budgett said more scientific research was needed for a better "evidence base" on the impact of trans women in sportbut added: "[Given] there's been no openly transgender women at the top level, until now, I think the threat to women's sports in general is probably overstated."

Budgett also said it was up to the "whole sporting movement" to continue to promote and protect women's sport, adding: "The IOC is determined to increase inclusion in sport as one of the fundamentals, but at the same time our highest, highest priority is fairness.

"Only where there's evidence of real concern - that that would lead to a disproportionate performance advantage for those individuals - should any rules and regulations come in to change that eligibility."

Katherine Deves, co-founder of Save Women's Sport Australasia - a group opposed to transgender women competing in women's sport - describes testosterone reduction as "a red herring".

"It is flawed policy from the IOC that has allowed the selection of a 43-year-old biological male who identifies as a woman to compete in the female category," Deves said, claiming transgender women would have an advantage in "every single metric" including "speed, stamina, strength, the fast twitch muscle, the bigger organs".

Deves also said trans women can have "faster recovery, stronger bones, and don't have a tilted pelvis so they're less likely to get knee and ankle injuries".

The physiological differences established during puberty are widely accepted. Male puberty - which Hubbard would have gone through in her teens - increases muscle mass.

Sports scientist Professor Ross Tucker explains some of the other significant changes.

"When human males go through puberty  the heart becomes larger, the lungs become larger, the body fat percentage goes down, and the skeleton changes," he said.

"The collection of those things creates significant performance advantages [between men and women]. Those differences are between 10-12% in swimming and cycling.

"Then you get to sports like weightlifting, which involve upper body muscle strength, where the differences are even bigger. We're talking 30-40%."

Others disagree with Tucker's assertions.

Joanna Harper is a trans woman and PhD researcher at Loughborough University who helped shape the current IOC policy.

"We don't know for certain whether transgender women are pound for pound stronger than cis gender women," says Harper. "That's something that hasn't been determined yet. It's possible, but it's not clear.

"Even after hormone therapy, transgender women will on average be taller, bigger and stronger than cis gender women. And those are advantages in many sports, [but] we allow advantages in sport. What we don't allow is overwhelming advantage.

"In weightlifting we divide the categories into weight, so we don't have big weightlifters competing against little weightlifters. If you look at the women that Laurel Hubbard is competing against, they're all very large women.

"I believe that if a trans woman lowers her testosterone to female levels and keeps them that way for a period of a year or more then that trans woman should be allowed to compete at an Olympics."
Laurel Hubbard

Those for and against...

Hubbard has received support from New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. And her Olympic weightlifting rival, Australia's Charisma Amoe-Tarrant, said: "I have so much respect for her. I just wish her well."

Britain's Emily Campbell, another who will compete against Hubbard in Tokyo, said in 2018: "I believe everyone should be able to do something they love and she qualified in her own right like the rest of us girls.

"Everyone has been very opinionated about it but I think everyone is kind of forgetting about her feelings."

Others have criticised her inclusion, including those impacted by the IOC ruling.

Kiwi weightlifter Tracey Lambrechs described

having to make way to Hubbard for a spot at the 2018 Commonwealth Games as "heart-breaking" and "soul-destroying".

And Belgian weightlifter Anna Vanbellinghen has called Hubbard's selection for the Olympics unfair, and "like a bad joke", saying athletes were "powerless" as they missed out on "life-changing opportunities".

Three other out trans athletes are competing in Tokyo - footballer Quinn, skateboarder Alana Smith and BMX cyclist Chelsea Wolfe - but none of them have come under the kind of scrutiny Hubbard has.

Quinn's first appearance in the Tokyo Olympics in the women's football competition came two days before the official opening of the Games.

Smith competed last week in the women's street skateboarding. Wolfe, a trans woman, is a reserve athlete who did not feature.

Hubbard draws focus largely because of the nature of her sport - the fact weightlifting will be among the first Olympic events to include a trans woman athlete was always likely to provoke debate.

Some sports, both Olympic and otherwise, have in modern times become non-gendered. Equestrian, snooker, darts and bowls are some of those in which men and women compete against each other.

Generally, they are non-contact sports and ones in which female pioneers have forced their way into traditionally male arenas. Their achievements have been widely celebrated where once they were excluded - for example Rachael Blackmore's historic first Grand National win by a female jockey.

But sport in general remains largely categorised by gender. And for those sports where success is largely determined by physical strength it has become clear in the debate that the path forward for the IOC and other sporting bodies in creating inclusion, equality and opportunity for trans athletes will need to be guided by sound scientific evidence, to ensure not only fair competition, but safety.

James Barrett is an adult gender medicine specialist and co-researcher of an ongoing study on trans athletes, funded by the IOC and World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).

"At the moment it's not really a debate, it's just a series of people airing their views," he says.

"I'm intrinsically suspicious when people say: 'That's obvious.' Because that's not fact it's just opinion really. And it used to be 'obvious' that women shouldn't vote. So always be wary of that."

"If you really wanted to know the answer to these questions you'd take some perfectly ordinary 20-something trans folk and measure their athletic potential before and after standard treatment."

Such studies have been taking place for years, and are used to formulate and modify the IOC's policy. But how will their conclusions continue to impact gendered sport?

"Preliminary thinking is that all of this isn't anywhere near as neat as people would like it to be," says gender medicine specialist Barrett.

"We're waiting for the data to come in. People are making the assumption that being trans women athletes confers advantage. It isn't obvious that it does. It didn't with Renee Richards, it didn't with Rachel McKinnon."

Richards, a trans woman tennis player, competed at the 1977 US Open and lost to Virginia Wade. Transgender cyclist McKinnon lost many races to cis gender rivals, before achieving victory at the 2018 UCI Masters Track World Championship.

Sports scientist Professor Tucker doesn't think the IOC's current policy is fit for purpose.

"Even when you lower the testosterone level those male advantages persist," Tucker says.

"That means that you cannot guarantee fairness for biological females when a biological male, or a transgender woman, enters that category. And that's really the root cause. Sport wants to be inclusive but it also needs to ensure fairness, and all the evidence we have is that you cannot achieve both those things at the same time."

Harper - a trans woman and PhD researcher who helped shape the current IOC policy - disagrees.

"Laurel Hubbard certainly has some advantages in sport," she said. "She's tall, big, strong, but does that give her an unfair advantage over the other women in the +87kg weightlifting category? That's far less clear."

Hubbard is over six foot tall and weighed 185kg (20 stone) at the last Commonwealth Games. In weightlifting, however, height is not necessarily an advantage.

"We allow advantages in sport," Harper said. "The question is can we have meaningful competition between ciswomen and transwomen? Advantages aren't necessarily unfair. The reality is that there is so much that we don't know about trans athletes."

That is in no small part due to the fact transgender people are a tiny minority, particularly trans sportspeople.

The fears of British ex-swimmer Sharron Davies, who voiced concerns trans women would come to dominate sports while "xx-born natal females will not be able to win any of their medals" are not currently borne out by the tiny percentage number of trans athletes in sport.

Few statistics are available on transgender populations. In the UK, the 2021 census data is likely to give us the first real indication of how many people identify differently to the sex they were born as. In the US, a 2016 study by the Williams Institute found 0.6% of the population identified as transgender.

"If trans women have these massive advantages, then wouldn't trans women by now at least be equally represented in sports?" asks Harper.

"I can say definitively that trans athletes will not be taking over women's sport any time soon."

Retired British marathon Olympian Mara Yamauchi said: "I don't want to demonise any of the trans women who are competing in Tokyo. My view is that they're competing within the rules.

"However... I would like to see those guidelines changed because, fair and meaningful competition and a level playing field in the female category is absolutely vital and essential to the future of sport for females.

"I worry that there will be girls all over the world watching this and thinking, 'That's not fair sport is not for me', and that would be a tragedy for women's sport."

Yamauchi also criticised the toxicity of the trans debate, saying there needed to be a more open discussion. "I've seen my fellow female athletes Sharron Davies, Paula Radcliffe and others being targeted with this appalling abuse and it has to stop."

Barrett, meanwhile, sees the future of sport changing even more radically than many people can currently conceive. The very notion of gendered sports, he claims, could soon be a thing of the past and replaced by science-based classifications.

Where this debate leads us into Paris 2024, Los Angeles 2028 or Brisbane 2032 remains to be seen.

The progress of time inevitably brings changes in social outlooks, scientific practice, technologies and accepted norms. And the co-evolution of trans and women's sport has far to go.

"This is an evolution, which will continue," says IOC communications director Christian Klaue.

"Science will inform the next step after whatever framework is being put in place, and probably in 10 years, we will all look back and say: 'Ah, that's interesting that situation.' And we never thought that we will get to where we are..."

For now, the eyes of the world are on a quietly spoken New Zealander called Laurel Hubbard.

Whatever happens when she enters the arena to lift, it will be a moment in history. Some will celebrate, others will lament. Many will simply soak up the drama.

Either way, Hubbard's chapter will forever be etched in the story of the Olympic Games.

A Labour MP wants a meeting with Sir Keir Starmer to clarify where the party stands on transgender issues.

Rosie Duffield, who has clashed with campaigners over her views on self identification for trans people, said the party's position was unclear.

But a senior Labour MP said it was "being used as a wedge issue" when the party should be focused elsewhere.

Ms Duffield also confirmed she would not attend this week's party conference after online threats to her safety.

The abuse has been widely condemned by politicians and activists, who called it "utterly unacceptable".

Last week, Labour's shadow equalities minister Marsha de Cordova resigned from her post, saying she wanted to focus more of her time in her marginal constituency of Battersea, and shadow women's minister Charlotte Nichols also stepped down.

It is not known if the debate within the party over transgender issues had anything to do with their resignations, but it leaves a gap on the party's frontbench when it comes to issues of equality and women's rights.

    What does transgender mean and what does the law say?
    Duffield calls for "change of tone" and more women at top of government
    Three trans journeys: 'I spent so long hiding'

Canterbury MP Ms Duffield has regularly used social media to outline her own position on transgender issues.

She believes that biological females should have protected spaces where biological males are not allowed to go, such as domestic violence refuges and prisons, and she is against people being able to self-identify as trans to gain access to those spaces.

Ms Duffield has said she is "completely supportive of trans rights", but she has been condemned by some LGBT+ groups for her position - which say trans men and women should be treated the same as biological men and women - as well as for endorsing controversial tweets on the issue.

And two of her staff members resigned from her office over her views.

A senior Labour MP, who did not want to be identified, told the BBC they were frustrated with the "oxygen" being given to the subject, calling it "a stupid, pointless, manufactured row about rights" that was distracting from the issues that needed debating.

They added: "Let's talk about how every single trans person awaiting NHS treatment is having their rights to see a specialist in 18 weeks under the NHS constitution breached, for example, rather than whether Rosie Duffield thinks everyone should have their genitals and chromosomes checked to go to the toilet."
'It always turns to violence'

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Ms Duffield said she and other female MPs had asked for a meeting with Sir Keir to discuss transgender rights and women-only spaces, but it had not yet taken place.

"Lots of women have been asking to meet with Keir Starmer in groups or one-to-one about this issue and obviously he is incredibly busy, but it would be good to just clarify what our position is as a party and just to discuss how we go forward with this issue," she said.

"He's always positive about trying to organise a meeting, it just hasn't happened yet. I think it is really necessary that we actually talk about this."

Asked what sort of threats she had received as a result of her views, Ms Duffield said the "levels of vitriol are pretty horrible".

She added: "Women have every right to voice their opinions. I have seen tweets by male colleagues that have been identical to mine about Labour policy for example, and the comments under mine and other women's tweets are very different.

"This is is a cross-party issue. All women in public life, anyone who puts their head above the parapet... just gets abuse for the way we look, what we say and it is really horrible and it always turns to violence when its women.

"We always get the violence, pictures of guns, pictures of mocked up nooses, that's the kind of thing we get on social media." 

There are two key issues at play here.

Firstly, Rosie Duffield has taken a stance on an emotive topic that gives rise to controversy, around people's identities, the right to self-identify and gain access to certain spaces.

That has, and will, open her up to scrutiny, as taking any strong opinion in politics can do.

That is particularly the case with this issue when there are live debates around whether gender recognition laws need to be changed.

Secondly, what politicians of all stripes agree on is that no one in public life should fear for their safety if some critics turn legitimate criticism into abuse.

Online abuse of women in public life, and the threat of this translating into offline abuse, is also nothing new.

So while Labour clarifying to MPs its stance on self-identification may help resolve internal party conflicts over this topic, it's not clear - or likely - this would prevent people like Rosie Duffield and other women in public life receiving online and real-life threats.

After the news Ms Duffield would not be attending the Labour Party conference in Brighton was reported by the Sunday Times, a number of public figures spoke out against the abuse she had received.

Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle said too many people had been "targeted for their opinion or the office they hold", adding: "In order to protect democracy, we need to ensure those participating can do so without threats of intimidation."

London Mayor Sadiq Khan said it was "unacceptable" she felt unsafe, telling the BBC's Andrew Marr: "We must be able to have this conversation in a civilised way." 

And the LGBT+ Labour group put out a statement, saying it "totally condemns the abuse and physical threats" the MP had faced.

It added: "We have made clear our political disagreements with Rosie on policy affecting trans people, but political disagreement should never result in abuse or physical threats. It is utterly unacceptable."

The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, also took to Twitter to speak out against the abuse, posting: "Absolutely everybody has the right to be safe from abuse, threat or harm. That includes Rosie Duffield and the transgender community.

"It's about time we looked for our shared humanity in our dealings with others, rather than the division." 

Laurel Hubbard will become the first transgender athlete to compete at an Olympics after being selected for the New Zealand women's team at Tokyo 2020.

Hubbard, 43, competed in men's events before transitioning in 2013.

She has been eligible to compete in the Olympics as a transgender athlete since 2015, when the International Olympic Committee changed its guidelines.

Hubbard was able to secure a place for Tokyo after weightlifting's governing body modified qualifying requirements.

    Laurel Hubbard: Transgender weightlifter closer to Olympic qualification

The change meant athletes only had to attend four competitions rather than six because of the impact of Covid-19.

Super-heavyweight Hubbard earned silver at the 2017 World Championship and now has a world ranking of 17.

Several of her higher-ranked rivals will be missing from the Tokyo Games because only one athlete is allowed per country in each category.

he rights of transgender people have been in the spotlight in recent years.

The government has reduced the cost of applying to change legal gender, but has not dropped medical requirements.
What does transgender mean?

A trans person's gender identity is not the same as the sex on their original birth certificate.

As babies, our sex is recorded as male or female, based on physical characteristics. (There are some people born with chromosomal or other physical differences that can make this a complex judgement. They may be referred to as intersex.)

Gender is based on the behaviour, expectations and outward presentation typically considered to correspond to someone's sex.

Gender identity is based on self-perception - how we see and describe ourselves, and how we ''present'' to the world.

For example, someone whose sex is female might identify as male, or vice versa.

People who are non-binary do not consider themselves to have a solely male or female gender identity, or take a different approach to gender.

People who experience a difference between their sex and gender are referred to in medical terms as having gender dysphoria - and sometimes describe themselves as transgender, or trans.
What changes can transgender people make?

Many transgender people live according to their gender identity, dressing and presenting to the world in a way matching that identity and being referred to by their chosen name.

They may also want to apply for changes such as having their birth certificate, passport or driving licence altered.

Some also decide to physically change their body to correspond with their gender identity.

This can involve taking hormone medication and having voice therapy. Some go on to have surgery.

These social, physical and legal changes are known as transitioning.
What can you legally change?

Under the Gender Recognition Act 2004, UK adults can legally change their gender if they meet certain criteria. This means their acquired gender can be recorded on their birth and marriage certificates.

About 95% of applicants go down a standard application route, the main requirements of which are:

    A declaration that they will live permanently in their acquired gender
    A medical report of a gender dysphoria diagnosis
    A medical report of any hormone treatment or surgery, or any planned treatments
    Evidence they have lived full time in their acquired gender for at least two years, such as copies of their passport and driving licence
    Applicants also must be 18 or over and pay a fee 

Many trans people have said they find the system intrusive, costly, humiliating and bureaucratic. Fewer than 5,000 people had legally changed gender by 2018, leading the government to set up a public consultation.

Although it isn't known how many trans people there are in the UK, the government estimates between 200,000 and 500,000 people identify in this way.

While the Gender Recognition Act created broadly the same system across the UK, the consultation covers England and Wales. The Scottish government has published a draft bill that removes the requirement for a medical diagnosis, but reforms have been halted during the coronavirus pandemic.

The consultation does not change how the gender recognition system operates in Northern Ireland.

There was speculation that the government might scrap the medical diagnosis element for England and Wales and allow people to legally change gender through self-identification.

This suggestion caused heated debate. The consultation was extended because of the high volume of responses, with at least 53,000 submitted.

The government responded to the consultation, saying it believes the Gender Recognition Act strikes the right balance between legal checks and support for people who want to change their legal gender.

But it said the application process needed to be made ''kinder and more straightforward". The government has reduced the cost of applying to 5 and says it is working to move the process online. 

What are the rules around women-only spaces?

There has been debate about the rights of transgender people and there is a range of views as to how society can best balance the needs of different groups.

Much of the debate has focused on access to women-only spaces such as toilets, changing rooms, domestic violence refuges and prisons.

Under the Equality Act 2010, no-one should be discriminated against because they are transgender.

A person does not need to have undergone any specific treatment or surgery to be protected from this discrimination. Equality and Human Rights Commission guidance states that "changing your physiological or other gender attributes is a personal process rather than a medical one".

But single-sex service providers can choose to exclude transgender people where there are ''proportionate means of achieving a legitimate aim''.

An example given by the Equality Act is that organisers of group counselling for female sexual assault victims could exclude a trans woman if they judged that clients would be unlikely to attend the session if she was there.

However, refusing a trans woman entry to a pub's female toilet is likely to be unlawful.

A women's activist says she was sacked after raising concerns about transgender women using rape and domestic abuse refuges.

Joan Smith told the Times newspaper she lost her role as co-chair of London's Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) board after she brought up the issue.

Writer and journalist Ms Smith said she was fired via email after being in the post since 2013.

City Hall denied she was sacked, saying the board had been restructured.

Ms Smith said she had raised concerns about refuges on behalf of charities funded by the mayor's office and that she had not been consulted about the loss of her role.

She said she wrote to London mayor Sadiq Khan to say that female victims of male violence should not have to share safe spaces with "individuals who have male bodies". She also said that transgender women should have access to the services they need.

Ms Smith told the Times that she believed she had also "fallen out of favour" at the mayor's office for calling for improvements within the Met Police to identify sexual predators within the force and "for highlighting endemic misogyny".

A City Hall spokesperson said: "The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (MOPAC) has undertaken a review of all of its partnership boards, including the VAWG board, to enhance the strategic leadership of the criminal justice system for London and to standardise how all the boards are chaired.

"Our boards bring together a broad range of experts and provide a plurality of viewpoints on the complex issues we are working to tackle. Joan Smith's expertise and insights on the VAWG board have been valuable and we are grateful for her time and service."

London's deputy mayor for policing and crime, Sophie Linden, tweeted in response to Ms Smith's allegations, saying: "This is simply not true. The structure of all our boards at City Hall is being changed. It has nothing to do with any views Joan has expressed."

The mayor's office said all of its boards, including the VAWG board, would now report to the London Criminal Justice Board, chaired by Ms Linden.

An open letter to Mr Khan has been published calling for Ms Smith to be reinstated.

Ministers said the guidance was designed to help schools and education authorities "make decisions effectively".

It also recognises the importance of "privacy and safe spaces" for girls and boys within schools.

The Scottish government said the advice was not prescriptive and did not promote transitioning.

It contains "real-life examples" and advice on a wide range of issues known to affect transgender pupils, including bullying, safety and privacy.

    How should schools support transgender pupils? 

Education Secretary Shirley-Anne Somerville said: "Pupils are happier and learn more at school when they feel safe, respected and included.

"We know transgender young people can face many issues in schools and that teachers and staff must have the confidence and skills to support their mental, physical and emotional health.

"This guidance outlines how schools can support transgender young people while ensuring that the rights of all pupils are fully respected."
'Lack knowledge'

The new guidance was welcomed by the chief executive of LGBT Youth Scotland, Dr Mhairi Crawford.

"Our research shows that school is the area where trans young people experience the most discrimination and this must be addressed," she said.

"Teachers and school leadership often tell us that they lack the knowledge and confidence to effectively support trans young people.

"This resource will guide school staff on how best to do so, improving the lives of trans young people and enabling them to thrive."

Transgender women will be allowed to play rugby in France's domestic competitions next season after the French Rugby Federation board voted unanimously to go against guidelines from governing body World Rugby.

The sport's global governing body said in October it "does not recommend" transgender women play contact rugby.

In March, draft plans from England's Rugby Football Union stated some transgender women would be risk-assessed before they could play the domestic game.

The French Rugby Federation (FFR) said transgender women who are transitioning from male to female could play

as long as they could certify they had been on hormonal treatment for at least 12 months and their testosterone levels were under five nanamoles per litre.

Under current FFR regulations, people who have already undergone a gender transition and changed their civil record may play in the league that matches the gender on that record.

"Rugby is an inclusive, sharing sport, without distinction of sex, gender, origin or religion," FFR vice president Serge Simon said.

"The FFR is against all forms of discrimination and works daily to ensure that everyone can exercise their free will in rugby without constraint."

In 2020, World Rugby became the first international sports federation to say transgender women should not compete at elite and international level in the women's game.

Previously, the governing body had followed International Olympic Committee policy requiring transgender women to suppress testosterone levels for at least 12 months before competition.

However, World Rugby allowed national unions to be flexible in how they apply guidelines and recommendations.

The FFR is the first national federation in France to allow transgender women to take part in elite sport.

Weightlifter Laurel Hubbard has taken a step closer to becoming the first transgender athlete to compete at an Olympics after qualification rules were changed because of Covid-19.

The New Zealander, 43, is yet to be selected for the Tokyo Games.

But the New Zealand Olympic Committee (NZOC) said Hubbard was "very likely" to be "allocated an international federation quota spot for Tokyo 2020".

It said selection in June would then be based on further criteria.

That included "evidence of capability to finish in the top 16 at the Games, with the potential to achieve a top-eight placing".

The rescheduled Tokyo Olympics are due to start on 23 July.

Super-heavyweight Hubbard earned silver at the 2017 World Championships, several years after her transition, and now has a world ranking of 17.

Several of her higher-ranked rivals will be missing in Tokyo because only one athlete is allowed per country in each category.

Hubbard has been eligible to compete in the Olympics as a transgender athlete since 2015 when the International Olympic Committee changed its guidelines.

Australia's weightlifting federation complained about Hubbard's participation at the 2018 Commonwealth Games where she eventually had to pull out because of an elbow injury.

Her chances of competing at Tokyo improved after a change in IOC qualification rules meant athletes only had to attend four competitions rather than six because of the impact of Covid-19.

In a statement, the NZOC said: "We are not in a position to comment on the likelihood of any athlete's selection until we have the necessary evidence.

"The New Zealand team has a strong culture of inclusion and respect for all. We look forward to supporting all athletes selected to the New Zealand team in Tokyo 2020."

Transgender women over a certain height and weight may be risk-assessed before they can play English domestic rugby under draft Rugby Football Union plans.

The proposal would add to the existing requirement for trans women to suppress hormones for a year before they play.

Global governing body World Rugby said in October that it "does not recommend" transgender women play contact rugby.

The RFU says its proposals aim to "strike a balance between fairness, inclusion and safe participation".

"It's important to consider the individuals involved and the sense of community and acceptance that our transgender players tell us rugby provides for them," the English governing body added.

"The RFU has considered alternatives as part of its review, including both more and less restrictive measures, but having considered such alternatives, believes the criteria proposed in the policy are the most appropriate for domestic rugby union in England at this time."

Measures included in the draft policy include:

    Transgender women players over 90kg (14st 2lb) or taller than 170cm (5ft 7in) may be assessed by an RFU coach or staff in a training environment to check if they have "a material performance advantage" or pose "a safety risk to other participants which is above the level presented by cis women players [players whose gender matches their assigned sex at birth]". The weight and height thresholds are based on "90% of cisgender women in the UK being below those measurements".
    Transgender women will also be asked to provide details on their previous sporting background.
    Transgender male players will be asked to sign a declaration that they understand the risks of playing men's or boys' contact rugby.
    Non-binary players may participate in the gender category they feel most comfortable with, but must meet the same conditions as transgender players if that is different from their assigned sex at birth. 

The RFU is inviting consultation on the proposed changes,

and says it will "continue to monitor relevant new research and data" into the issue.

Transgender players cannot currently play without prior approval from an independent three-person panel, which reviews their eligibility on a case-by-case basis.

Over the past three years, the RFU has received 39 applications from trans men, seven from trans women and four from players identifying as men but wanting to continue playing women's rugby.
How did we get here?

The RFU's suggested change in policy follows World Rugby, the game's global governing body, altering its stance.

In October, World Rugby became the first international sports federation to say transgender women should not compete at elite and international level in the women's game.

Previously, World Rugby had followed International Olympic Committee policy requiring transgender women to suppress testosterone levels for at least 12 months before competition.

However, World Rugby allowed national unions to be flexible in how they apply guidelines and recommendations, prompting the RFU to start its own review.

The RFU allows girls to play alongside boys until they are divided by sex from under-12 level upwards.

The Welsh, Scottish and Irish rugby unions all follow Olympic guidelines, using hormone levels as the deciding factor in the inclusion of transgender women players.

Arkansas has become the first US state to outlaw gender confirming treatments and surgery for transgender people under the age of 18.

The bill also in effect bans doctors from providing puberty blockers, or from referring them to other providers for the treatment.

The Republican state governor had vetoed the bill, calling it a "vast government overreach".

But the state's Republican-controlled House and Senate overruled him.

The bill has faced much opposition from groups including the American Academy of Pediatrics, which said the law would block trans youth from important medical care and increase their already high risk of suicide.

    Mississippi bans trans girls from girls' school sports
    Evidence for puberty blockers use 'very low'
    'I know what I've overcome to exist'

The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said it was preparing litigation, stating that the bill "will drive families, doctors and businesses out of the state and send a terrible and heart-breaking message to the transgender young people who are watching in fear".

"This is a sad day for Arkansas, but this fight is not over - and we're in it for the long haul," Holly Dickson, executive director of ACLU in Arkansas, said in a statement.

Over the past few weeks Arkansas has played a game of legislative ping-pong, with gender-affirming care hanging in the balance. Now, the state has become the first to prohibit physicians from providing gender-affirming healthcare to trans youth. Medical experts have said this will likely have disastrous consequences for trans youth, particularly when it comes to mental health.

Dr Jack Turban, a fellow in child and adolescent psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine, told the BBC that access to gender-affirming care for trans youth is "consistently linked to better mental health outcomes".

He added that much of the political discourse around this care has been shrouded in unscientific misinformation that implies "transgender youth are 'confused' or invalid."

The issue goes beyond Arkansas' borders. Trans children in states like Alabama and Tennessee await their lawmakers' decisions on similar legislation. According to Dr Morissa Ladinsky, an associate professor of paediatrics at the University of Alabama, Birmingham, "the anticipation, uncertainty and fear" of losing gender-affirming care is "chipping away" at trans youth's resilience.

Governor Asa Hutchinson had called the bill "a product of the cultural war in America". He argued it created "new standards of legislative interference with physicians and parents as they deal with some of the most complex and sensitive matters involving young people".

The override of Governor Hutchinson's veto needed only a simple majority, but passed easily in both chambers, with the House voting 72-25 in favour and the Senate 25-8.

At least 16 other states are considering similar legislation.

Supporters of the bill, who are almost all Republican, say they want to protect children from life-changing procedures they will later regret. They also point to side-effects of puberty blockers and cross-sex hormones, and cite occasional cases where transgender people reverse their decision to transition.

But experts say each step is undertaken with the consultation of doctors, therapists and social workers, often over extended periods of time.

13 Reasons Why star Tommy Dorfman has announced she is transgender.

The actress played male character Ryan Shaver, and confirmed on Instagram her pronouns are now "she/her".

The 29-year-old wrote that she was "thrilled to reintroduce myself as the woman I am today".

"I'm especially grateful to every single trans person who walked this path, broke down barriers, and risked their lives to live authentically," she added.

In an interview with Time magazine, Tommy said for the last year she has been "privately identifying and living as a woman - a trans woman".

She also said she would not be changing her name.

"I'm named after my mum's brother who passed a month after I was born, and I feel very connected to that name, to an uncle who held me as he was dying."

"This is an evolution of Tommy. I'm becoming more Tommy," she added.

Tommy has been showing the changes in her style and appearance for months on Instagram, and said she needed to publicly address her gender identity to maintain control of her own narrative.

"I've been living in this other version of coming out where I don't feel safe enough to talk about it, so I just do it. But I recognise that transitioning is beautiful. Why not let the world see what that looks like?" she said.

"With this medical transition, there has been discourse about my body, and it began to feel overwhelming."

'Excited to play women'

Tommy added it was "impossible to separate my personal and professional transition".

She was given her first role as a woman in Lena Dunham's upcoming film Sharp Stick, which she calls "exciting and validating".

"I'm thinking about how I can infuse my trans body into film and television", she said.

"Thank you to all the trans woman that showed me who I am, how to live, celebrate myself, and take up space in this world," she added on Instagram.


















