Two-time Canadian Olympian Taylor Ruck won her first individual NCAA swimming title for Stanford on Friday, leading wire-to-wire in the 200-yard freestyle with a time of 1:41.12 at the NCAA Division I women's swimming and diving championships in Atlanta.

Ruck won two bronze medals at the Rio Olympics in 2016 before adding another bronze and a silver last summer at the Tokyo Games.

Top-seed Lia Thomas of Penn tied for fifth. She became the first known transgender woman to win an NCAA swimming championship with a victory in the 500 freestyle on Thursday.
Virginia sophomore Alex Walsh and junior Kate Douglass each won an individual title on Friday to help the Cavaliers build on their commanding lead at the championships.

Virginia, going for its second straight national title, has 386.5 points — 110.5 ahead of second-place Stanford. Texas is third with 257.

Walsh cruised to the win in the 400-yard medley with a personal best time of 3:57.25 as Virginia picked up 54 points in the event with junior Ella Nelson third and freshman Emma Weyant fourth. It was Walsh's second individual title of the meet.
Douglass followed with a win in the 100-yard butterfly to set an American record at 49.04.The Virginia relay group of Gretchen Walsh, Alexis Wenger, Alex Walsh and Douglass capped the Friday events by winning the 400-yard medley relay in 3:22.34 to tie their own NCAA record set at the ACC championships.

Southern Cal's Kaitlyn Dobler edged Wenger by just .04 seconds to claim the 100-yard breaststroke title after finishing second in the event last year.

North Carolina State's Katharine Berkoff successfully defended her title in 100-yard backstroke with an American record of 48.74. Walsh swam under the previous American record to finish second in 49.00.

Defending champion Sarah Bacon of Minnesota won her fifth career NCAA championship in 3-meter diving.
A vigil for transgender people who have been victims of violence was held in Ottawa on Sunday.

This was the second year the community has remembered people who have taken their lives or been attacked by others because of who they are.

But the day of mourning also came with some celebration, organizers say. 

The transgender flag flew outside the Ottawa police and paramedic services, and the Ottawa and Gatineau city halls. The list of organizations raising the flag each year is growing, said Amanda Ryan, a spokesperson for Gender Mosaic.

"It shows a level of acceptance that we're starting to see, especially across Canada, and we're hoping to see around the world," she said. "Ottawa is a very trans-friendly city. We're seeing more and more co-operation and acceptance from society."

Paul Morneau, a spokesperson for local paramedics, said a recent Ontario study suggested 77 per cent of transgender people have contemplated suicide, and 41 per cent have attempted it.

Transgender usually refers to people who identify with a gender, male or female, that doesn't match their biological classification at birth.

Morneau said he knows what it's like to feel different.

"As difficult as it was for me to come out as gay, I can see that it's even more difficult for the [transgender] nowadays," Morneau said. "But we're going to change that."

Next year, the fire service in Ottawa plans to raise the transgender flag, Ryan said.

The Alberta government says it wants to learn more about the barriers transgender people face as they wait for gender-affirming surgery after it came to light the waiting list can reach three years for some people.

There are about 400 people in southern Alberta alone who are currently waiting for some kind of gender-affirming surgery, which can include everything from the removal of breasts, vocal chord surgery, vaginoplasty and phalloplasty.

"We absolutely know that gender-affirming surgery can be a very important part of a person's transition process and so that's why we're taking this matter seriously and looking into ways that we can support Albertans to get the surgeries that they need," associate health minister Brandy Payne said.
rans men looking for mastectomies — or so-called "top surgery" — face particularly long wait times for the procedure, which is seen as especially important for someone transitioning from female to male, said Dr. Joe Raiche, a psychiatrist who works with Calgary's transgender population at Foothills Medical Centre.

Angela Reid, with the Trans Equality Society of Alberta, worries about the mental-health impact of long waits.

"I think top surgery for guys costs anywhere between $8,000 and $10,000 right now," she said.

"The overnight cost of having someone on a suicide watch in a mental health facility would easily eclipse that in a very short period of time."

here are also calls for the province to contract private surgeons who perform mastectomies to try to reduce the backlog, but Payne wouldn't commit to that.

She said gender-affirming mastectomies will be considered as the department looks at wait times for all mastectomies.

Ben Laurin, 19, was told he could have to wait three years for a double mastectomy.

He's been working two jobs and set up a crowdfunding campaign to raise enough money to have his surgery done at a private clinic in Toronto.

"Honestly I think the first time my chest is revealed to me, I think I might cry," said Laurin, who has his first consultation in Ontario at the end of April. 

"I can look in the mirror and be happy and feel like, 'Yes, this is who I feel I'm supposed to be and meant to be.'"

he roster of transgender characters on TV is a relatively short one — and the list of shows with transgender characters played by actors who are themselves transgender is shorter still.

That list is about to get a little longer with the arrival of The Switch, a half-hour sitcom shot and set in Vancouver that just met its crowdfunding goal over the weekend. The show — dubbed a "transgender fantasy-comedy series" — follows Sü, a software manager who loses her job and apartment soon after she comes out as transsexual. As the cast explains in the Kickstarter video above, The Switch is conceived of as an alternative to what they see as "socially clueless" mainstream depictions of transgender characters.

A pilot of the show actually aired on OutTV in February, and the funding is intended to top up money already received from grants, presales to broadcasters and tax credits, so that the producers can "do this show right." As they explain on Kickstarter:

    The Switch is airing on television, which means it needs to reach a high production standard. And we’re excited about that! While low-budget, DIY projects are often wonderful, we deserve to see ourselves across a range of media. That includes polished television and other high-budget media.

Over the weekend, the show crossed its $50,000 fundraising goal, and is now attempting to reach a series of "stretch" goals over that amount (if they reach $65,000, they'll make a "skill-share" video about how to buy lingerie as a trans woman).

Amy Fox, the show's executive producer, told CBC News that OutTV has optioned that Canadian broadcast rights, and that networks in the U.S., Caribbean and the Netherlands have already expressed interest. The first season of the show is expected to be complete by next summer.

Tomorrow in the red chair, George's guest will be transgender rocker Laura Jane Grace, the lead signer of Against Me!. In this clip, she talks about the support she received from another pioneering rock star, Joan Jett.


This Valentine's Day, some Regina high school students are reaching out to transgender people to make them feel seen and affirmed.

Thirty students at Archbishop M.C. O'Neill Catholic High School, who belong to the school's Gay-Straight Alliance, sent 100 Valentine's Day cards around the world. 

Corrine Pirot, one of the co-leaders of the club, wanted her students to participate in the card campaign, which Regina man Ken Mullock started last year. Pirot wanted them to pass on the affirmation they themsleves received from the club.

"It's not often that they get a chance to give back. So to have something like this, that they can totally relate to, was really, really important for the group. We've done a few other things in the community, but nothing to this extent," said Pirot.

Mullock started the project with a TikTok video in December 2021, sending Christmas cards. He said he wanted to write cards for people who might be called by the wrong name or misgendered during the holidays. He received thousands of requests for cards, and hundreds for Valentine's Day messages.

    Regina man sending hundreds of Christmas cards worldwide to transgender people

Hayley Hodson, a co-leader of the Gay-Straight Alliance at O'Neill,said the club missed the deadline for making Christmas cards, so she thought, "What about Valentine's Day?"

The contact information for the recipients came from Mullock's Instagram page, This Card is For You, where people are directed to an application form for a card.

Students received the first names, pronouns and some personal information, like the recipients' favourite colours and other likes. The requests came from all corners of the globe, including Ukraine, Mexico and the United States.

"Truly anywhere in the world of any religion, ethnicity, background, really anything," noted Hodson.

Pirot saw some requests made by parents for their kids.

"It was really good to know that they had that supportive home," said Pirot.

Some of the requests were quite personal, detailing struggles or a need for advice. 

"The kids would sort through this mound of slips of paper and try and find one that they really related to, and that they saw themselves in," said Hodson.

Some students wrote one card while others penned more, noted Pirot.

"[Students] were able to affirm and value people just in the way that they want to be affirmed and valued," said Pirot.

A Transgender Pride flag was raised at Windsor city hall on Monday to mark the start of Transgender Awareness Week.

Dozens of people attended a ceremony in Fredericton marking Transgender Day of Remembrance at St. Thomas University Saturday afternoon.

The day remembers transgender people worldwide who have died over the past year because of transphobia.

Sofia Mehlitz, one of the event's organizers, said the fact transgender people are still dying because of transphobia is why events like this are still needed.

"Trans folk are often afraid of violent acts that result in the loss of their lives," said Mehlitz. 

"It's important to celebrate the people we have lost and remember their names and their legacy that they leave behind."
Over 20 years

The first Transgender Day of Remembrance was held in 1999 in memory of Boston's Rita Hester, a transgender woman who was killed the previous year.

The event has been held annually since then and has spread worldwide. 

Statistics specifically relating to violence against transgender people can be difficult to ascertain in Canada. A global tally by Transrespect versus Transphobia Worldwide said 375 transgender and gender-diverse people were reported murdered in the last year.

The group does not list any murders taking place in Canada.

Stats Canada numbers from 2018 indicate that "sexual minority people" were almost three times as likely to be the victims of violence than heterosexual Canadians.

The events usually feature speakers talking about their experiences as transgender people, a reading of people who were killed in the past year and a moment of silence.
Calling out transphobia

Mehlitz said a major feature of the event was to condemn transphobia in all its forms.

They said transphobia can be something as obvious as yelling slurs and physical violence to transgressions some people may not think about, like not using a person's preferred pronouns.

"Things like that and discrimination and violence against trans people shows up in almost every single facet of of our lives," said Mehlitz.

Mehlitz said transphobia is ingrained into much of life in New Brunswick, even on an institutional level.

"One of the biggest things I can think of is the process to change your name," said Mehlitz. 

"A lot of people might not think that that is discrimination or perhaps violence against trans folks, but the barriers that are in place within the institution are unnecessary and put trans folks at an even greater disadvantage."

As some transgender Nova Scotians apply to change gender markers on their birth certificates for the first time, some say that's just one part of the challenge of improving health care experiences. 

Final changes to Bill 82 were legislated last week. The Vital Statistics Act now allows anyone born in Nova Scotia to more easily change gender markers on their birth certificates from either F to M or M to F. 

"It was a big breath of air that was like, finally. Finally this has changed," said 20-year-old Jessica Durling.

Durling is now awaiting a professional signature required for her gender marker application. Meanwhile, results of a Dalhousie study were released to coincide with a Canadian Professional Association for Transgender Health conference being held in Halifax this week. 

The study, based on 370 respondents, says just over half of transgender people — 51.1 per cent — report having negative experiences with medical professionals in Nova Scotia. 

Many of those experiences, Durling says, stem from birth certificate information. 

"Hospitals are definitely a very scary place for people in the community. You definitely hear a lot of what could be considered horror stories."

She says it's common to hear about people getting misgendered or deadnamed — which is when someone is called a name they no longer go by.

"Just awful, awful experiences," Durling says.
Bridging experience gaps

Changing birth certificate gender markers will do some good in this area, Durling says. But she believes educating medical professionals about conduct is equally important. 

Dr. Jacqueline Gahagan, the study's lead investigator, agrees. 

"The physician may not have any experience with preoperative trans clients even where gender markers would indicate a patient they're seeing identifies as male," she said. 

Accurate paperwork is important for client histories, Gahagan says, but many health care providers "still require more training and cultural safety training" when it comes to creating positive and comfortable environments.

Gahagan is now working to create online and offline training modules for Dalhousie medical students based on the research.

"The idea is to look at what are the ways LGBTQ folks promote their health, and we've asked them specifically questions about that. And what are the issues health providers face while promoting the health of their LGBTQ clients. We're trying to bridge the experiences." 

Durling says she's not surprised at the negative statistics, but was hopeful after learning that 27.5 per cent of trans or gender-variant respondents reported a positive experience in the study.

"This just goes to show the future," she said. "And hopefully the future will be a brighter place and those numbers of discrimination, of mistrust with the medical environment — hopefully, trans people can have more positive experiences."

After years of self-questioning, hormone treatments and surgery, Chase Ross, 22, is now legally a man. 

Ross was born a woman but always felt like something wasn't quite right. After finding a network of transgender people online, Ross figured out what was wrong.

    Homerun: hear the full story here

"I realized this has to be my life. This has to be me for me to be happy," he says. 

Since coming out as a transgender person, Ross has discovered that some of the hardest things to deal with are the most unexpected — like what happens at a visit to the doctor's office.


"To add on to society's hate, you have to deal with the doctor — the people you're supposed to trust. It's not fun," he says. 

Ross says he's routinely asked irrelevant questions about his sexuality, name change and genitals.

However, he says one of the worst experiences was being refused treatment during a recent visit to a psychiatrist. 

"She basically just went off on how she doesn't know how to deal with anything trans-related, because it's not her field of expertise. That kind of hurt because I wanted immediate help," says Ross. 

As an advocacy worker with Concordia University's Centre for Gender Advocacy, Gabrielle Bouchard counsels hundreds of transgender people in Montreal. She says Ross's experience is not unique.

The most common complaints she hears include medical professionals refusing to address a patient as the gender he or she identifies with, asking invasive and unnecessary questions, and — in some cases — refusing treatment. 

"People will say, 'I would rather die than go back and be misgendered or feel unsafe. So I will die of pneumonia before I will go back to the hospital,'" says Bouchard.  

The head of the Gender Variance Program at the Montreal Children's Hospital, Dr. Shuvo Ghosh, agrees with Ross and Bouchard. 

He says transgender people often face hurdles in accessing services because health care professionals feel uncomfortable in their presence. 

As a member of the McGill University teaching faculty, Dr. Ghosh says there is little sensitivity training for health care professionals when it comes to treating transgender people.

"The trans population is the last really, truly marginalized group that's being prevented from getting adequate health care. It's biases and prejudices about what a trans person is, and that completely clouds any proper clinical judgments," says Dr. Ghosh. 

If people in the transgender community refuse to seek medical attention, it will inevitably burden the system by flooding hospital emergency rooms with complaints that could have been prevented, Ghosh says.

Ghosh says medical professionals can help improve the situation by making their patients feel comfortable and explaining why they're asking relevant questions.

However, he says it will likely be up to transgender people to advocate for themselves. He says anyone who is denied service or made to feel uncomfortable should send an official letter of complaint to the health care establishment. 


 On Monday, comedian Avery Edison was detained at Pearson Airport in Toronto. The U.K. citizen had overstayed a student visa last year, and left the country voluntarily in September, but tried, unsuccessfully, to return yesterday.

Edison planned to stay in Toronto for three weeks to visit her partner, Romy Sugden.

She was denied entry on landing due to her visa issues and...that's where things took a turn for the worse.

After seven hours in detention at Pearson — much of which she live tweeted to her 11,000 followers — she was transferred to Maplehurst Correctional Complex, a men's detention facility in Milton, Ontario. And here's the problem: Edison is transgender. She lives and identifies as a woman, and is listed as female on her British passport.

Despite the gender listed on official documents, Edison was effectively treated as male.

In Ontario, decisions about where to detain transgender people are made on a case-by-case basis, but often come down to anatomy. "The law is pretty clear in that it’s based purely on the anatomy, and particularly the genitals, of the person being housed,” Kyle Kirkup, a lawyer who specializes in LGBTQ issues, told Canada.com.

As Edison put it yesterday, during the whole ordeal:

Reid Lodge says he's been struggling with restrictive policies ever since he came out as a transgender person five years ago.

The 25-year-old activist from Fredericton is still trying to get gender reassignment surgery and officially change the gender markers on his identification.

"Accessing surgeries I haven't been able to do that because I can't afford it. Accessing legal gender marker change I still can't do because of policies that are restricting me on that," said Lodge.

"I mean there are still things that I would like to do in my transition but I can't access because the policies of New Brunswick are too restrictive."

Lodge will be sharing his personal experience with the health and legal systems at a public education session on Thursday in Moncton.

Several transgender rights advocates met with Health Minister Victor Boudreau in December to discuss a transgender healthcare model.

A Facebook post by TransAction NB published after the meeting said the proposed model would bring New Brunswick in line with levels of coverage offered in most other provinces.

It also said that no province in Canada has an ideal coverage model when it comes to trans-inclusive care.
Workshop geared to employers, organizations

The workshop, hosted by the City of Moncton on Thursday, is geared towards employers and organizations that might be working with trans clients.

It's organized by the city's public safety advisory committee in collaboration with River of Pride Moncton, a non-profit advocacy group for the LGBTQ community in the greater Moncton area.

The sessions will address what it's like to come out as a transgender person and issues such as integration into the workforce, dating, legal points and access to specific transgender health care.

The other speakers include Michelle Leard, creator and chair of UBU Atlantic, a transgender support community and one of the creators of the New Brunswick Trans Health Network, along with Dr. Adrian Edgar, president of the Canadian Professional Association for Transgender Health.

The event is open to public and takes at the Peace Centre.

 This YouTube video is the very first upload from the Whittington Family, and after only a couple of weeks, it already has nearly 7 million views. It's not hard to see why.

It tells the story of Ryland Whittington, who was born as a baby girl in 2007. As soon as she started being able to talk, Ryland started to express something her parents were simply not expecting: "I am a boy."

We won't spoil the whole video — as George said on Twitter last night, it's well worth your seven minutes — but it's a moving story of the unconditional love of two parents for their child. And for more on the Whittington family, see this Inquisitr story.

Earlier this season, George had a chance to sit down with Laura Jane Grace, the lead singer of punk band Against Me!, who came out as a transgender woman in 2012 in a Rolling Stone article. The band's latest album is the aptly titled Transgender Dysphoria Blues.

Dr. Tamar Reiseman says it was exciting to be able to help a transgender woman achieve her goal of breastfeeding her child — and having it be the first known case made it even sweeter. 

The results were published in the journal Transgender Health, making it the first case of induced lactation to be documented in an academic literature.  

The 30-year-old woman went to doctors when her partner  —  who was not interested in breast feeding —  was five months pregnant. She had been taking hormones for six years, but had not had gender reassignment or breast augmentation. 

She spoke with As It Happens guest host Gillian Findlay about what it was like to help her patient lactate. Here is part of their conversation. 

Tell us about this patient. What was her request when she came to you?

This was a patient whose partner was pregnant, and so the patient was interested in breastfeeding, shortly after the child arrives.

When she said this, did you think this was possible?

I was pretty frank with the patient. I said that I hadn't personally done this before, that I wasn't sure it was possible, but that I would look into it for her.

When I did my research, what I found was that there was actually a small, but available [amount of] literature for what's called non-corporal lactation. Basically meaning breastfeeding that doesn't follow pregnancy in cisgender women. So by sort of taking some of those protocols, we were able to modify them and apply them for our patient.

I understand that this woman had in fact been on hormonal therapy for some period leading up to this point, right?

Yes, so that's sort of important to understand. This was a woman who had been taking estrogen and progesterone for several years, and for several years she had been on a medication to block her testosterone. At the time that I first saw her, she had essentially fully formed breasts.

What was the therapy going forward?

So the gist of the protocol was, essentially, to create a hormonal profile that sort of mimicked the hormonal profile of pregnancy, and then to reduce her hormones to sort of mimic delivery. And the last piece of that was to help increase her prolactin level, which is a hormone that is very important for breast milk production.

And then, I guess, the baby arrives. What happened?

For six weeks the patient was breastfeeding exclusively. [She] was the exclusive source of nourishment for that child. But unfortunately at six weeks or so, there was concern about lack of breastmilk volume. And so at that point the patient continued to breastfeed, but also supplemented with formula.

What was it like, that moment when you realized that this trans woman was breastfeeding?

We were really excited. We were excited for the patient that we were able to help her achieve her goal, and we were really excited that we were able to publish in an academic journal. It's really important to sort of understand that transgender endocrinology is really young as a subspecialty. Any time we can contribute to the academic literature, help patients make medical decisions based on data, and contribute to the standardization of care, we're really excited.

Is there an application beyond transgender women?

There's already a small body of literature that describes the ability to induce lactation — functional lactation — right? Meaning lactation that's productive for breastfeeding in, let's say, adoptive cisgender women. So that ability has been documented.

But definitely any time it's out there, it's in the media, people are talking about it, there will likely be cisgender women who maybe have always wanted to breastfeed but didn't know that it was possible. So maybe there are some cisgender women who will maybe now breastfeed as a result of this news.  

Still to come as Canada's military takes a long hard look in the mirror to set itself on a course of reform following a scathing sexual harrassment report, we'll look abroad to other militaries and how they've dealt with sexual misconduct. But first, the waiting game. For anyone struggling with gender identity disorder, just arriving at the decision to fully transition from their birth gender, to the one they truly identify with can be a difficult and painful process. But after that decision is made another obstacle often looms large in their path, wait times wait times, especially to get referred for sex reassignment surgery. It is a referral that can't come from a patient's regular physician only from a special assessment center and the centers may be far away, in some cases out of province and yet they are the only way to get a green light for a life changing procedure. Now as more and more people are seeking surgeries to change their gender, the wait times at these clinics are swelling out of control. It is an issue that is causing outrage inside Canada's transgender community. Brent Eamon is a 17 year old transgender male, he's waiting for an appointment at CAMH, the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto. This is the only clinic in Ontario approved to refer patients for this surgery. And Brent even joins us from Ottawa along with his mother, Shannon Paige, hello to you both. Hello, thanks for having us. Thank you for joining us. Bryn, Tell us, when you first knew that you were meant to be a boy, I knew as soon as I had a sense of myself as a person, actually. So, you know, by the time that I was I don't know, let's say two. Any that something funny was happening in that, you know, the identity that other people were suggesting to me was, mine was not in fact, who I was, and how did that unfold from there. Um, while there was a lot of years of, I guess, denial on my part, because it's kind of a difficult thing to get your head around, you know, and you don't want it to be true. Because if it is true is going to be a big deal. You're gonna have to deal with a lot. So it took a while before I was ready to tell anyone shatter. What was that like for you to watch spring go through that. It's difficult to explain as a parent, you know, Brenda's my only child. And I have one experience of raising a child. So what I saw with Bryn was, you know, a kid that's a year and a half that doesn't want to wear dresses is you know, it's quirky, it's funny. So a lot of the things that I sort of saw, I didn't know what it was, I didn't recognize it for what it was. Where are you at now, in your transition brand? You know, when I first talked to someone about it, I was I think 15. I told my mom and my psychiatrist at the same time, I think it was October 2014 13. So now I've been going through the process for that long. I've been on male hormones for, I don't know, 10 months, and surgery is sort of the next major step in this. That's right. Yeah. How long have you been on the waiting list? It's been since August 2014 that we sent the referral referrals in each? Do you have any sense as to how long you would have to wait until your surgery would be available to you? Well, it's 18 months until the first intake interview. And then beyond that, we don't know how long it takes to get approval. And then of course, we would have to be referred to the surgeon which could be many more months. So when you look at that, I mean, that's that's a lot of months added up. That's That's yours that you could be waiting. Exactly, yeah. What does that like? Ah, well, really, honestly, it sucks. It's kind of horrible, actually. Because it's a big deal for me, you know, to get the surgery and to, you know, for anyone who really needs a certain surgery, if you're waiting that long, it doesn't seem particularly. I don't know, correct, I guess. What do you mean, it doesn't seem correct. If it's possible to make it less waiting time which it is it is possible, then why should you have to draw it out like that, you know, when it's something that's going to really help people? What will it mean when you finally get that surgery, it's going to be just easier to exist, I guess, to put it really simply like when you're living with, you know, something that doesn't belong, you know, on your body in my case, you know, breasts and That is not how I identify with being male, you know. There's a special flag raising ceremony at Windsor City Hall Square today, at 10 o'clock, the Transgender Pride flag will be raised, marking the start of trans Awareness Week leading to Saturday, which is transgender day of remembrance, and resilience. For more, we have Janet McIsaac. On the line. She's the new president of trans wellness Ontario, in organization here in Windsor. Good morning. Hello, hello. How significant is this flag raising? What does it mean to you? It's a pretty significant event. You know, it's timely, always good to see the city, raising up the transplant because it gives the message that, you know, we're trying our best to make trans and non binary people feel welcome here in Windsor. Because generally, we don't really feel that way. And to seeing this flag raised, really gives us something to look towards, and to try to hold the city accountable. Because raising that flag means something, it means that you're trying to make the city more inclusive for our community, you said something really interesting there, and that is that transgender people generally don't feel welcomed here. And how do you feel? Good question. You know, Windsor is a place I've called, I've learned to call home since I moved here six years ago for school. And, you know, I've always been out as a queer, non binary woman here in Windsor. And during that time, you know, it's been very difficult to kind of feel included within the city, in structural ways, you know, like things like just being able to access bathrooms, or seeing community spaces that are supported by the city in many ways. You know, we used to have Windsor pride downtown, and that was I was cleared out for a parking lot. And so seeing those things happen, and messages that, you know, we're not really considered are really taken into account for how we fit into the community here in Windsor, and how we bring value and give back to the community in that way. Right. What kind of movement? Have you seen, if any, in the six years that you've been here? You know, I think there's been a lot more conversation. And I think there's definitely a lot more action happening. And I think, you know, a lot of great community organizations are making that shift and taking on the work, because they notice that no one else is really going to start doing it. So you see organizations like the art gallery, Windsor who are doing phenomenal work, in changing their space and programming to be more inclusive of not only trans people, but other or other groups and communities that have been traditionally excluded from these institutions. So it's nice seeing local businesses and local organizations really stepping up and doing the work that's needed. Because it's been lacking in other areas at times, right, a human rights organization focused on the LGBTQ community says this year is the deadliest year for transgender and gender non binary people. Are you seeing that here? I mean, I'm not talking about people being killed here. But are you seeing incidents, incidences of incidents of violence and whatnot? I think absolutely. You know, it was only recently that transformers Ontario was tak was attacked by a neo Nazi. And, you know, I think there's definitely been an increase in harassment and violence during the pandemic that has been targeted at trans people. As you said, this is one of the deadliest years on the record for violence directed at trans people. And here in Windsor, thank God. There hasn't at least my knowledge there hasn't been any, any targeted attacks in that way. But you know, we have heard of reports of harassment and physical violence and people being intimidated, not only just the trans community, but there's that queer queer family that was living in Windsor that was kept being harassed for find their pride flag, right. So those messages and those acts are kind of the things that we have to keep in mind every day when we go outside is is today a day where we will be targeted simply for walking down the street and ourselves. Is that on your mind every single day? I think so. Yeah. Whenever I leave the house depending on if I'm dressed in a way that I want to dress, I can be very much quite visible when targeted for for violence or harassed assessments. You know, with the transport data project, which looked at my experiences of trans people across Canada. I believe that over half of trans people within the last in the past five years have noted that, you know, they avoid going to public spaces because they feel they feel that they will be targeted for violence. And this is what this week is really about is raising awareness about the issues that we face as a community so that we can try to end this prejudice, discrimination and systemic violence that affects our communities. It's Monday, February 7, I'm Adam Walsh. Welcome to CrossTalk today on the show healthcare and the transgender community, what barriers do people face what's working, what could be working better, everything from transition related surgeries to mental health supports and challenges we'll be talking about today. I've got some great guests lined up and the discussion is going to be great, don't go anywhere. But first, a word about mental health and a new training program for businesses and workplaces. So obviously, there's been a lot of concern about the toll that COVID-19 And this pandemic is taking on our mental health, you know, the, it's dragging on there's the Omicron variant which continues to spread so to help place supports where they're needed. The Canadian Mental Health Association has created a certified psychological health and safety advisor training program for businesses and workplaces, allowing employers to be more proactive about mental health. Andrew Hawthorne was filling in for me last week, and he got this interview for us. I'm speaking with Kimberly Yetman Dawson, Chief Executive it may be. Today is transgender gender Day of Remembrance a day meant to raise public awareness of hate crimes against transgender people, and to remember those who have died. Charlotte Nolan is transgender and joins me now to talk about the importance of today. Good morning. Good morning. What does Transgender Day of Remembrance mean to you? Wow. It's a day to commemorate and honor all of our sisters who died violently last year. And last night, we had a ceremony. And we read the names of 460 of our sisters who murdered last year for side effects and violent. Transgender people are more likely to suffer from mental health issues and are twice as likely to have thoughts of suicide. What message do you have for the younger generation who might be having a hard time at this point? We're here for you. That and urges with many young that we're here to listen, we're here to support them. We're here to let her love the laws and they have a place in society. So today, there's a special event happening Last night you said you had a ceremony and today there's something happening. Sunshine Hills is holding a Two Spirit sweats. Can you tell me a little bit more about what's happening? That's diagnosed that's hosted that we asked them to put the poster out so that our relatives of the community would know that the sweat has been held by Cecil Smith's and and it's for Two Spirit people. One of the things that we heard in the communities, when are there going to be ceremonies? When Are there going to be sweat? Oh, this sweat that is happening. So that relatives can come together at ceremony and pray. And remember our sisters, you know, who've been taken away from us to honor them this way, as the sweat lodge is our church. It's with the earth. Mm hmm. And why is it important for there to be ceremony specifically for Two Spirit people. Because we've been forgotten by many over the course of her life. For many people, they feel we shouldn't be, we shouldn't invest, we shouldn't be part of it. And we're trying to educate either humanity that we've always been, we always will be. And that all we want is recognition. As human beings, first of all, we want acceptance as human beings, we want respect as human beings, and be allowed to live in society, mom, Saturday, everybody else, in the same way that they're allowed to live. And I hear you're planning something big for next summer at Sundance ceremony? Can you tell me a bit about that? Yeah. Manitoba, was granted money this year to purchase some land. And we'll be building in Arbor, and hosting in the first two spirits, Sundance in Canada. And it will be for Two Spirit people by Two Spirit people. And we're going to welcome is that we've always looked at when we do ceremony, where we invite our relatives no matter who they are, to come in, and, you know, pray with us that we don't have closed doors. We don't charge a fee big companies are largest, you know, that. I grew up with the Catholic religion. And I left when I was 14, just for those reasons. Because the church used to pull out his boat in a year. I know that bolted, it would have the names of the pair, parishioners, and how much they donated to the church, a few are poor and couldn't afford to donate much. You were at the bottom of the list. And to me when you have to buy religion, that's wrong. You know, religion is something that's given freely to us that's. It is not going to be easy, like, I mean, obviously, it's I don't want to make it seem like some dog this whole awful thing, because it isn't. But you know, I also don't want to sugarcoat it and say that it's going to be easy the entire time. And it's because, you know, sometimes it takes a while for things to get better. And sometimes, regardless of whether or not it's fair, or, you know, not, you have to fight very hard for, you know, to be yourself and obviously, not every transgender person feels the need to get surgery or take hormones to feel like themselves, but for the ones that do, you know, it's gonna take a while and it's gonna feel like it's, you know, that it's not fair and University's against you when everyone's trying to stop you from doing this. Tomorrow is transgender day of remembrance. It is a day for the LGBTQ community and allies to gather and to remember to grieve those who have been taken, those who have been assaulted, or those who have been murdered because they are transgender. gender diverse Canadians, especially those who are racialized, are at least three times more likely to experience violence than their cisgender counterparts. And that is due to persistent transphobic attitudes in this country. Tamson Michael Robson is a student at the Atlantic School of Theology and one of the worship leaders with queer spirits. In Halifax, they are holding an ecumenical service tomorrow at St. Andrews United Church to mark Transgender Day of Remembrance. Tamsin joins me now. Tamsin, a very warm welcome. Thank you very much. How are you today? I'm doing all right. Can we start with just talking a bit about queer spirit church and I guess where it got its its beginnings. I kind of came a little late to the planning stages of queer spirit church. It's really the brainchild of to two ministers, one from First Baptist, one from the United Church, and their name is Arlene Johnson and Rick Gunn. Somewhere along the line, they invited me to be involved. So I kind of jumped in with both feet. So queer spirit church meets at First Baptist Halifax, on the first Wednesday of each month. And I kind of pitched to them that I have this Trans Day of Remembrance service in my back pocket. And it might be interesting to open it to the public. So I have their support as the support of a couple of my Anglican friends, one of whom is playing that night. Yes, I'm very excited to be able to share this with everyone. In this I understand Tamsin is something you developed at school, can you can you tell me about that? Yeah, one of our worship service days at Atlantic School of Theology about two years ago, happened to fall on Wednesday, November 20. And I asked if I could do something special for that particular day, because I knew I was Trans Day of Remembrance. So I crafted this service based on poetry and prayers by a number of authors, most of whom are trans themselves. And it was really conceived as much as an observance of transit remembrance as an educational piece for people who might be unfamiliar with the transgender community to really understand what this day is about, and contemplate it with us in its grief and in its beauty. For folks who come out, what will they experience at this public service, they'll experience something with roughly the shape of a Christian church service. It opens with a poem by a local poet named Correa NAT to the lovely, lovely person who I'm very glad to know. So that's the first thing you hear in the service. And then we segue into a liturgy by trends minister in England, and then into a scripture reading into a reflection on what this day means and kind of the theological significance of transness and Trans Day of Remembrance. There are three hymns which are traditional hymns, but with the lyrics rewritten to celebrate kind of the transgender condition. Yeah, it is sort of an invitation to commune with us, I guess. And is it can we talk a bit about the theological reflection on Jesus? Yeah. So I can see of God through Jesus kind of binding God's self to the marginalized, the people that no one else notices, the people that so often get forgotten in society. And that includes the trans people of color that are so at risk of violence, marginalization, and death. And so I envision not only Jesus, or God in Jesus, through Jesus kind of posts suffering with these people, and CO suffering with all of us. But our joy of being expressed in scenarios like the transfiguration and the resurrection that like the transfiguration where Jesus discovers the truth of His being, is a very kind of a very clear moment, because we see all these layers of artists stripped away and we see something of it surely is for Christians. That is fascinating to me. Thank you. It's no it's a wonderful lens to look at at it through and it is something that certainly we've spoken to a lot of groups on the screen African Nova Scotian groups in particular who I've spoken to who, who say same thing about the Gospels and you know, the percentage of Jesus of Nazareth and how he was a champion. For those who who are marginalized, as you say. Yeah, exactly. And I mean, Further to that, there's this. We can think of it as a metaphor. But we can also see this like beautiful, trans or at least gender non conforming hits. People are still talking about the Dave Chappelle Netflix special that was released last weekend, and not for the best of reasons. The special has drawn criticism from those in the LGBTQ plus community for jokes made about trans people. Despite calls for the streaming network to pull the special from its catalogue, Netflix head Ted, Sarah and Sarah dos wrote an email to employees this week saying that the company will stand with show Pelle Lewis Brady is a 17 year old trans comedian based in Toronto. Louis. Good afternoon to you. Good afternoon. How are you? I'm great. Thank you so much for speaking with me. I know you recently watched the Dave Chappelle special. What are your thoughts? How do you feel about it? Well, first of all, I just like to start off and say that I think Dave Chappelle is a very talented comedian, who has worked very, very hard for what he has. And I don't think anyone can take that away from him. And I'm going to be very honest, I wasn't necessarily shocked, because in the past, Dave Chappelle has made many comments and done many sets regarding the LGBT community and specifically trans people. But I was a little shocked on the format that it was in because usually he doesn't directly address the community in the way that he did within the special. What did you make of the change? And the way he did that here? Well, I think it was very interesting, I would say that the way he addressed them was a lot more commentary than it was comedy in this sense. And they think it was definitely an interesting way of doing it. Because although like I said, he had made many jokes before, he's never directly talked to them and kind of the relationship he has with the LGBT community and the things he's said in the past, which I think was an interesting way, and almost kind of a good way to get everything out in the open, I would say, we've certainly seen pushback from a specifically members of the trans community to the comedy special, what what is your what is your response to that? Well, my response to that is, I completely understand why the trans community is upset, and is a little offended, because I mean, you know, it is, can be taken as obviously offensive or such. And I also think it as a comedian, I also somewhat understand the kind of take he was trying to express and although I don't necessarily think Dave Chappelle hates trans people, I think sometimes he just maybe doesn't understand trans people is all what do you mean by that? Tell me more what, of course. So what I mean by that is Dave Chappelle looks on the world, through his view. And specifically, within the special, he often talks about the kind of said, Said, Army, segregated groups, that he is a part of, which is the black community. And he kind of used that, you know, worldview to describe his relationship with the trans community. And although I understand that there are some slight crossovers between those communities, I think that the way that the trans community and the black community have been marginalized, and have been mistreated, within, you know, the world, I think, are very, very different. And although I understand where he is coming from, I think that it is hard to look upon, you know, that community through that I because you know, me as I am a white person, I feel like I can't relate or I, I often I can't understand everything that the black community has been through and vice versa. As somebody who is starting out in comedy Lewis, how does a situation like this affect the way that you are navigating your career as a transgender comic? Well, it's definitely given me a lot to think about, because I often make transgender jokes in my set quite often. They're all they're often a little different, because obviously, I relate them to more to my experience as a trans person. But I try not to let things like this affect me because obviously, I've tried to think that no one's work directly affects me and I try to move on from it. But I also feel like we shouldn't ignore it. And it should be talked about because it is an important thing to address when this kind of stuff happens. So I am talking about it and bringing light to it. But I'm also not letting it take over my life and overly affect me negatively. I mean, part of what comedians do certainly is pushing bounds and putting stuff out there in their material. But we've also seen a lot of examples where there is a great level of pushback, if I try to focus on my swimming, what I need to do to get ready for my races, and just try to block out everything else. That's Leah Thomas. Last week, she became the first transgender athlete to achieve an NCAA title after winning the women's 500 yard freestyle in the Division One championship, but as she stood on the podium have fans in the stands held signs that read, save women's sports and support fair sports, far from being celebrated, become one of the most controversial athletes in the United States. Thomas is a swimmer with the University of Pennsylvania. She started her university career on the men's team. But a couple years later came out as transgender. she transitioned and spent a year taking hormone replacement therapy before returning to swimming. This time on the women's team. She followed all the NCAA rules but can author of the newsletter the present age? Perfect, good morning, welcome back to the show. Good morning. So Leah Thomas, great swimmer won the 500 yard freestyle. But just how dominant of a swimmer is she? Sure that is important, I think to put into context, given the the hubbub around her. She competed in three events during the NCAA Finals there. And one was in the 500 yard freestyle, where she won. The other was in the 100 yard freestyle, where she lost. And then in the third one, which was a 200 yard freestyle, she came in fifth place. So her career in college is over now. But what she dominant, that's kind of sort of maybe a little, I mean, she didn't set any records with her when she was still more than nine seconds behind the NCAA record, which is held by Katie Ledecky, who has so many gold medals in the Olympics, and all of that, but she didn't even set the pool record for the event. She's about three seconds behind that. So she's very good, obviously, because she won the national championship. But she's not someone that they just dominated in the type of way that you would expect from Michael Phelps or Kayla Deki, those sorts. So but that's kind of the key here. Is it like if she didn't blow away the competition, as some had predicted? Why is she so controversial? Well, I think part of that comes down to this idea of in availability heuristic where you're used to hearing these stories about when trans people win. So every time you hear about, oh, this trans athlete one, whether it's the there are a couple of sprinters in Connecticut, I think, and then there's Leah Thomas, a new person pops up here in there every once in a while. But because we hear about when the trans athletes when we rarely hear about when they lose, we hear about the controversy that surrounds all of this. And so there's this idea that trans athletes will have just some sort of inherent advantage, which, in some cases, that is true. But overall, I don't think it's as big of a problem as people make it out to be. It's just the fact that when trans athletes lose, we tend not to hear about everyone talked about her win in the 500 yard, but not her eighth place finish in the 100 yard. But like in those limited instances where a trans athlete does have a clear advantage. How should we address the issue of fairness in sports? And how should we make sure that that is just addressed and clear for everybody involved? Yeah, I think that that's an important thing to think about. Because everyone wants fairness. Everyone wants a level playing field. And I think that what should be done here is it should be handled on a limited scale. In this case, you've got a situation where the NCAA has to evaluate whether or not having Lia Thomas in that race was unfair. And I think that they are in the process of or they may have already recalibrated, what the rules are moving forward. And I think that that's a good way to go about doing it. Because these instances are so rare, you can kind of create new rules as they as they emerge. And that's something that kind of gets into one of the larger problems here, which is that, you know, I think it's important to separate the question of whether a specific athlete has an unfair advantage in a specific sport, from the question of whether that means the government should step in and make it illegal for an entire class of athletes to compete at sports in all levels. And I guess the issue there becomes should, whether it's the NCAA, or even sort of, you know, finer tune than that organization stepped in and set up rules about who gets to compete and who doesn't, if only So, you can keep it out of the hands of like local governments trying to come in with way bigger way more sweeping. You may have heard people use the term privileged, what exactly does it mean and how do you know if indeed you are a person of privilege? Well, it's The topic Evelyn Bradley is tackling for us today, my diversity and inclusion consultant, who joins us for our new series called just ask. Our question for today goes like this. How do I explain privilege to someone who doesn't believe they have any. So capital P privilege has gotten some traction on the internet in the past five years or so. And I find that at this point, most people have made up their mind about how they feel about the word. For some of us privilege means financial security. For some of us privilege looks like being able to apply for any job you want. For some of us, it looks like being able to read the language that's most prevalent and common in your community. For some of us, it looks like access. For some of us, it looks like exclusion. And I find that at this point, the word privilege has reached a point where when it's brought up, no one use anything else, other than their own internal thoughts and judgments around the word. So if you haven't turned the station just yet, and you're still listening, we're going to use the word social advantage versus social risk instead. And that's how we're gonna frame it for the context of answering the question. So when I talk about social advantage and societal advantage, most people will agree that it exists, there is a societal advantage to speaking the prominent language in a particular place, and also being able to read it. No one will argue that's true. Most of us when we fill out a Pio form, or we happen to be in a government office, and we see the words written on a page, and we're given something to read, most of us don't think anything of it being offered in another language. For us. Having that ability to be given information in a way that we can perceive it is a societal advantage. Most people won't argue that it would probably be difficult if you didn't read English or French to navigate these systems, most of us can acknowledge that that happens to be true. But on the flip side of that, very few of us think about what risk that may pose to someone else. And so when we think about privilege, instead of thinking about it from the context of what we view as wealth, or ability or access, I want us to take a look at it from the perspective of what risk does this pose potentially, for someone else? A perfect example of this is there a very few restaurants in town I frequent. And the reason for that is a whole host of things. I'm really picky eater, dietary restrictions, proximity to my house, all sorts of things. But the main thing I think about when I go into any new establishment is where are the restrooms and what are they labeled. Now for some of you, you also think about restrooms, you're like, Yeah, I wonder where the bathrooms are, and I wonder where the exits are. But for some of us, we think about the restrooms because of the social and the societal risk associated with using the wrong one, or the wrong one in somebody else's mind. So I'll give you an example. My wife and I often are out and about. We've been at dinners we've been at drinks. And every time I need to use the restroom. My wife comes with me. And we've gotten jokes here and there. Oh, women can't go to the bathroom alone. Oh, you're not gonna miss her. Oh, she's not gonna run away and not come back. These are all little funny things and funny digs that people have when the two of us get up to you go to the restroom at the same time. Unfortunately, the reason that we do this is because I don't feel safe going into a non gender neutral restroom without someone to validate my femininity. And for most of us, that concept is foreign. Most of us don't have to think about our safety. In a restroom stall. We go in we use the bathroom we come out. Except for some of us. It's something that is always present and always prevalent. Because it is a matter of safety and security. Not just for us, but for other people. And so when I tell people this, I find that I get one of a couple of responses. One of the responses I often get is well just use the men's restroom. Let me tell you Well, a new law in Texas would allow officials to investigate parents and doctors who provide trans children with gender affirming care. The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit to block the directive. Meanwhile in Florida Republicans in the House of Representatives on Thursday pass the parental rights and education bill. It centers a censors rather LGBTQ plus education in classrooms. This is us legislation. But yesterday more than 100 students walked out of class at HB Beal Secondary School to show their support for trans kids everywhere. And with us now as we'll Rolo, he's a grade 11 student who organized the walkout. Good morning to you. Morning will tell me a little bit about why you wanted to organize this walkout? Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Well, first of all, as you stated, this is definitely a global issue. transphobia, especially trans phobia towards youth affects every trans person under the age of 18. And those these laws are specifically being raised in Florida and Texas. These issues are also very, very prevalent in London and that feel, what do you mean by that? Um, well, though, we don't have such systemically based to discrimination, thanks to the fact that we have a mostly Liberal government at the federal level, we do experience a lot of kind of, not even just microaggressions just aggressions that aren't properly acknowledged by administration. And we are kind of just faced with these daily problems that truly do prohibit our ability to learn in an equitable way. But up until yesterday, or the past few weeks, when I've actually had the chance to be listened to by admin, none of those needs were really being met. And I just didn't really feel that there was any action being taken or that the voices of trans students were being heard. Tell me a little bit about what you've gone through some of the experiences you shared yesterday at the rally? Yeah, well, I'm, I am really lucky now to be in a situation where everyone in my life is supportive of my gender identity. I have already begun medically transitioning, I live in a supportive household. But when I first came out, it was definitely not that case. My parents was not outwardly opposing my gender identity, but they kind of just ignored it, and would not use my proper name or pronouns. And at school, I was like horrendously bullied for the fact that I was trans. Like that was it? Kids would call me a huge issue, they would call me slurs, they would ask really invasive questions about my sexuality. And my genitals in the classroom, with teachers present in the teachers would just do nothing. And even at like, age 12, I was told to like, like, walk into ongoing traffic, like, just sorry. Yeah, it was, it was really hard as a child to kind of have to go through that type of ostracization without even truly, really understanding why, because because of the fact that even though my gender identity wasn't being supported, I did live in a household where I was educated about that stuff. I was never really kind of exposed to the more hateful side of presenting as genderqueer. So because of the fact that after the bullying I experienced, took place, and there was absolutely no action taken by administration when I came to them about it. I ended up just going back into the closet and going back to presenting as female for about two years until I got to deal and within a supportive environment enough that I felt safe to come out again. I'm happy to hear that how are things for you now you and your family and, and and I'm assuming you have a good group of friends at Beale? Yeah, absolutely. My life has improved exponentially since I was given gender affirming health care, since I was allowed to use my proper pronouns and names since I was given opportunities to socially transition. Also, just the people in my life has made kind of Living with an identity that is so highly politicized so much easier because they have tried so hard to understand. That's really the most important thing is like, getting your absolute best to understand. However you can because you never truly can understand these and really try and that's all that trans people want. And so how do you how do you feel looking on to what's happening in certain states in the US? I mean, what is your what is your well proposed legislation in Alaska could impact athletes here in the Yukon. The bill is called SB 140. It would ban transgender female athletes from competing with or against other female athletes in school sports. supporters of the bill say they're trying to protect girls sports, but others say it penalizes transgender female athletes and could have drastic consequences for their mental health. For more on this bill cvcs Daniel Dontre mom contacted Olivia Ebert's, she's a reporter with KY UK public media in Bethel, Alaska. And she's been covering this bill. So this is a bill that was introduced by Senator Shelley Hughes, who's from Palmer, Alaska. This bill would basically seek to ban transgender girls from participating in school sports with cisgender girls. So they wouldn't be able to be on the same team or compete against them in races or games. So the bill was introduced in the Senate, and then it was referred to the Senate Education Committee, that was the only committee of referral. And is in committee right now. It's been heard twice in committee, once there was invited testimony from Senator Shelley Hughes, who was on the committee. And the second time there was public testimony, the process that it would take for it to pass it would have to be moved out of committee onto the Senate floor passed by the Senate then sent to the house, the house has been here and refer it to any necessary committees. And then if it passes those committees, it would be moved to the House floor for a vote. And then it would be moved on to the governor's desk. What would it look like for this to pass Senate in Alaska is Republican controlled? I would say that this is likely to make it to the Senate floor get moved out of this committee. This committee is all Republicans who are mostly in support of this bill. Besides one Democrat, and the Democrat is the only person who's spoken out Senator Tom baggage. He's the only person who's spoken out in this committee against this bill. So this bill is likely to get passed by the Senate. But it's unlikely to get passed by the House, which is majority Democrats. Okay, and you break that down for us. So you're saying it's unlikely to get passed by the House? Why is that? And what has the reaction been that you've been hearing? So this is definitely not a bipartisan bill. And this is true for bills like it across the US. This bill mostly has support in conservative circles, Republican circles, and Democrats are overwhelmingly opposed to this bill. I haven't heard one Democrat for this bill. So the house is majority Democrat right now, by a slim margin, and I would say is unlikely to pass the House. And even if it does pass, there are major questions about the legality of this bill. There's sort of like an anti version of this bill making its way through the house right now that House Democrats have proposed that would prevent gender based discrimination. And it was written in mind with this bill in the Senate. And this bill actually is being heard in the House Judiciary Committee right now. So right now they're considering the legality of the opposite version of this bill. So what if the house is this? It says anti trans athletes Bill makes it into the house, it's very likely that it will not pass the House as House Democrats questioned the legality of it. Okay. Could you kind of paint a picture of like the bigger context here what's going on in the states like we've been hearing about the don't say Gable, can you kind of paint a picture for us? I can say that it does mirror some other similar efforts that are happening are house the United States. There was a domestic a bill passed in the Florida legislature. And then there was a bill passed in the Idaho State Legislature that would prevent transgender girls from playing on sports teams are competing against transgender girls. And a lot of the invited testimony that we heard in committee was from these from from groups that advocated in Idaho from groups that advocated in Florida, from all over the United States. So there is a concerted effort taking place to advocate for bills like this. It's not a one off thing. That's Olivia Ebert's a reporter in Alaska who's been covering this bill. Mona luxon is president of queer EUCOM. They're on the phone now. Good morning, good. It's Monday, February 7, I'm out of wall. Good morning. Hi, Haley. Hi, good morning. How are you doing? I'm well, thanks. And thanks to both of you for making time for us this morning. Hayley, where did the club get the idea to send Valentine's? Well, I was contacted by Ken Moloch, who organized this project, it's called this card is for you. And I saw that he was just overwhelmed with the amount of requests for Valentine's cards from transgender people all across the world. And I reached out asking if he could need some help from some of our high school students in our GS VA. And the current What was your response to the idea? Well, we were quite excited about the idea, weren't really sure how it was going to go. But we really noticed the kids putting their heart and soul into these cards, and it's for transgender as well as any to as LGBTQIA plus folks around the world as well. And they spent a lot of time and effort on the cards. And it was really nice to see that giving back kind of thing, especially for Valentine's Day. What did they know about the recipients of the cards? Well, each students would get a little slip of paper that had just the just some information about the individual. So their preferred name pronouns, as well as just their interests and likes and things like that. Any personal information, such as addresses or legal names were taken off, and were kept by Ken who is doing the actual stamping and mailing. But the students got all of the information that I just said, so that they can properly write the cards to the correct identifiers and really get to know the person that they're writing. Haley, you mentioned the effort that students put in what can you tell me about what kinds of Valentine's they made? Sure, so they made many Valentine's some of them were short and sweet. Some of them were long, it really depended on the information that was given by the individual. Again, some of the slips of paper just had a name and a few words, and some of them wrote paragraphs. So it really depended on how deep the student dove and really connected. Corinne, do you have anything that you'd like to add? I think yeah, we sent all kinds of different Valentine. Some of them had stickers, and some had dinosaurs and some had hearts that you would normally see on Valentine's Day. But it was the whole goal, I think is just to spread some kindness and just affirm that everybody is important and valued and just great the way they are. What do you think the students got out of it Corinne being part of this. I think students had a chance to really look at themselves a little bit and ask themselves, what kind of card would I like to receive if there was a card sent to me? And I think they're all as teenagers. Of course, we all know, they're all going through things. And it's a hard time. And so I think they really were able to relate. And I got a real sense that they enjoyed giving back. Because we don't often get enough chances to do that. We're always looking for affirmation, but to give someone else some affirmation, I think was really powerful for the students this time. Haley, what advice would you have for other high schools and clubs who might be interested in doing something similar? Well, I do hope that other high schools and clubs and groups jump on to this train as it is so valuable to the students to really turn from working on themselves to working for others is I think you can heal a lot from working for others and really serving others. So some advice for the teachers For sure, just keep an open mind and know that your kids will surprise you in the most interesting ways. I wasn't prepared for the amount of effort or caring that these students put in, but they really blew me out of the water in that regard. So just keeping an open mind and allowing the students to take it however they'd like. Some of them will write pages and pages and put it in an envelope and some of them will, will write some kind words that fit within the within the small cards area. So really just keeping an open mind and allowing the students the free will to express themselves how they need to kind of what did this tell you about the importance of the Gay Straight Alliance clubs? Well, our our club is gender and sexual diversity Alliance at O'Neal. So we're kind of an all encompassing, welcoming, safe space for for kids. And I think it really shows that there's a huge need in this world just for people to show some, some kindness and to be shown some kindness we had cards from all over the world. My husband took it upon himself to mail those cards for us through his business. Tomorrow is transgender day of remembrance. It is a day for the LGBTQ community and allies to gather and to remember to grieve those who have been taken, those who have been assaulted or those who have been murdered because they are transgender. gender diverse Canadians, especially those who are racialized, are at least three times more likely to experience violence than their cisgender counterparts. And that is due to persistent transphobic attitudes in this country. Tamsin Michel Robson is a student at the Atlantic School of Theology and one of the worship leaders with queer spirits church in Halifax. They are holding an ecumenical service tomorrow at St. Andrews United Church to mark Transgender Day of Remembrance. Tamsin joins me now. Tamsin, a very warm welcome. Thank you very much. How are you today? I'm doing all right. Can we start with just talking a bit about queer spirit church and I guess where it got its its beginnings. I kind of came a little late to the planning stages of queer spirit church. It's really the brainchild of to two ministers, one from First Baptist one from the United Church. Their names are Arla Johnson and Rick Gunn. Somewhere along the line, they invited me to be involved. So I kind of jumped in with both feet. So queer spirit church meets at First Baptist Halifax, on the first Wednesday of each month. And I kind of pitched to them that I had this Trans Day of Remembrance service in my back pocket. And it might be interesting to open it to the public. So I have their support of the support of a couple of my Anglican friends, one of whom is playing that night. Yes, I'm very excited to be able to share this with everyone. In this I understand Tamsin is something you developed at school, can you can you tell me about that? Yeah, one of our worship service days at Atlantic school theology about two years ago, happened to fall on Wednesday, November 20. And I asked if I could do something special for that particular day, because I knew I was Trans Day of Remembrance. So I crafted this service based on poetry and prayers by a number of authors, most of whom are trans themselves. And it was really conceived as much as an observance of Trans Day of Remembrance as an educational piece. For people who might be unfamiliar with the transgender community to really understand what this day is about, and contemplate it with us in its grief and in its beauty. For folks who come out, what will they experience at this public service, they'll experience something with roughly the shape of a Christian church service. It opens to the poem by a local poet named Corey Annachi, who's a lovely, lovely person who I'm very glad to know. So that's the first thing you hear in the service. And then we segue into a liturgy by trends minister in England, and then into a scripture reading into a reflection on what this day means and kind of the theological significance of transmis and Trans Day of Remembrance. There are three hymns which are traditional hymns, but with the lyrics rewritten to celebrate kind of the transgender condition. Yeah, it is sort of an invitation to communion with us, I guess. And is it can we talk a bit about the theological reflection on Jesus? Yeah. Second sees of God through Jesus kind of binding God's self to the marginalized the people that no one else notices. People, but so often get forgotten in society. And that includes the trans people of color that are so at risk of violence, marginalization, and death. And so I envision not only Jesus, or God in Jesus through Jesus kind of post suffering with these people, and CO suffering with all of us. But our joy being expressed in scenarios like the transfiguration and the resurrection, like the transfiguration where Jesus discovers the truth of His being, is a very kind of a very clear moment, because we see all these layers of artifice stripped away and we see something of it surely is for Christians. That is fascinating to me. Thank you. It's not it's a wonderful lens to look at at it through and it is something that certainly we've spoken to a lot of groups on this group, African Nova Scotian groups in particular who I've spoken to who, who say the same thing about the Gospels and you know, the percentage of Jesus of Nazareth and how he was a champion. For those who who are marginalized, as you say. Yeah, exactly. And I mean, Further to that, there's this. We can think of it as a metaphor. But we can also see this like beautiful, trans or at least gender nonconforming hit. People are still talking about the Dave Chappelle Netflix special that was released last weekend, and not for the best of reasons. The special has drawn criticism from those in the LGBTQ plus community for jokes made about trans people. Despite calls for the streaming network to pull the special from its catalogue, Netflix head Ted, Sarah and Sarah dos wrote an email to employees this week, saying that the company will stand with Chappelle. Lewis Brady is a 17 year old trans comedian based in Toronto, Louis, good afternoon to you. Good afternoon. How are you? I'm great. Thank you so much for speaking with me. I know you recently watched the Dave Chappelle special. What are your thoughts? How do you feel about it? Well, first of all, I just like to start off and say that I think Dave Chappelle is a very talented comedian, who has worked very, very hard for what he has. And I don't think anyone can take that away from him. And I'm going to be very honest, I wasn't necessarily shocked, because in the past, Dave Chappelle has made many comments and done many sets regarding the LGBT community and specifically trans people. But I was a little shocked on the format that it was in because usually he doesn't directly address the community in the way that he did within the special. What did you make of the change in the way he did that here? Well, I think it was very interesting, I would say that the way he addressed them was a lot more commentary than it was comedy in this sense. And I think it was definitely an interesting way of doing it. Because although like I said, he had made many jokes before, he's never directly talked to them and kind of the relationship he has with the LGBT community and the things he's said in the past, which I think was an interesting way and almost kind of a guess a good way to get everything out in the open, I would say, we've certainly seen pushback from specifically members of the trans community to the comedy special, what what is your what is your response to that? Well, my response to that is, I completely understand why the trans community is upset, and is a little offended, because I mean, you know, it is, can be taken as obviously offensive or such. And I also think it as a comedian, I also somewhat understand the kind of cake he was trying to express. And although I don't necessarily think Dave Chappelle hates trans people, I think sometimes he just maybe doesn't understand trans people is all what do you mean by that? Tell me more. Of course. So what I mean by that is Dave Chappelle looks on the world, through his view, and specifically within the special, he often talks about the kind of said, he said, are make segregated groups that he is a part of, which is the black community, and he kind of used that, you know, worldview to describe his relationship with the trans community. And although I understand that there are some slight crossovers between those communities, I think that the way that the trans community and the black community have been marginalized, and have been mistreated within You know, the worlds, I think are very, very different. And although I understand where he is coming from, I think that it is hard to look upon, you know, that community through that eye because you know me as I am a white person, I feel like I can't relate or I, I often I can't understand everything that the black community has been through and vice versa. As somebody who is starting out in comedy Lewis, how does a situation like this affect the way that you are navigating your career as a transgender comic? Well, it's definitely given me a lot to think about. Because I often make transgender jokes in my set quite often. They're all they're often a little different, because obviously, I relate them to more to my experience as a trans person. But I try not to let things like this affect me because obviously, I've tried to think that no one's work directly affects me and I try to move on from it. But I also feel like we shouldn't ignore it. And that should be talked about because it is an important thing to address when this kind of stuff happens. So I am talking about it and bringing light to it. But I'm also not letting it take over my life and overly affect me negatively. I mean, part of what comedians do certainly is pushing bounds and putting stuff out there in their material. But we've also seen a lot of examples where there's a great level of pushback. I try to focus on my swimming, what I need to do to get ready for my races, and just try to block out everything else. That's Leah Thomas. Last week, she became the first transgender athlete to achieve an NCAA title after winning the women's 500 yard freestyle in the Division One championship. But as she stood on the podium, fans in the stands held signs that read, save women's sports and support fair sports, far from being celebrated, become one of the most controversial athletes in the United States. Thomas is a swimmer with the University of Pennsylvania. She started her university career on the men's team, but a couple years later came out as transgender. she transitioned and spent a year taking hormone replacement therapy before returning to swimming. This time on the women's team. She followed all the NCAA rules but can author of the newsletter the present age? Perfect, good morning, welcome back to the show. Good morning. So Leah Thomas, great swimmer won the 500 yard freestyle. But just how dominant of a swimmer is she shared that is important, I think to put into context, given the the hubbub around her. She competed in three events during the NCAA Finals there. And one was in the 500 yard freestyle, where she won. The other was in the 100 yard freestyle, where she lost. And then in the third one, which was a 200 yard freestyle, she came in fifth place. So her career in college is over now. But what she dominant, that's kind of sort of maybe a little, I mean, she didn't set any records with her when she was still more than nine seconds behind the NCAA record, which is held by Katie Ledecky, who has so many gold medals in the Olympics, and all of that, but she didn't even set the pool record for the event. She's about three seconds behind that. So she's very good, obviously, because she won the national championship. But she's not someone that they just dominated in the type of way that you would expect from Michael Phelps or Kayla Deki, those sorts, so but like, that's kind of the key here. So like if she didn't blow away the competition, as some had predicted, why is she so controversial? Well, I think part of that comes down to this idea of in availability heuristic where you're used to hearing the stories about when trans people win. So every time you hear about, oh, this trans athlete one, whether it's the there are a couple of sprinters in Connecticut, I think, and then there's Leah Thomas, a new person pops up here in there every once in a while, but because we hear about when the trans athletes when we rarely hear about when they lose, we hear about the controversy that surrounds all of this. And so there's this idea that trans athletes will have just some sort of inherent advantage which in some cases that is true. But overall, I don't think it's as big of a problem as people make it out to be. It's just the fact that when trans athletes lose, we tend not to hear about everyone talked about her when in the fight. 100 yards but not her eighth place finish in the 100 yard. But like in those limited instances where a trans athlete does have a clear advantage, how should we address the issue of fairness in sports? And how should we make sure that that is just addressed and clear for everybody involved? Yeah, I think that that's an important thing to think about. Because everyone wants fairness. Everyone wants a level playing field. And I think that what should be done here is it should be handled on a limited scale. In this case, you've got a situation where the NCAA has to evaluate whether or not having Leah Thomas in that race was unfair. And I think that they are in the process of or they may have already recalibrated, what the rules are moving forward. And I think that that's a good way to go about doing it. Because these instances are so rare, you can kind of create new rules as they as they emerge. And that's something that kind of gets into one of the the larger problems here, which is that, you know, I think it's important to separate the question of whether a specific athlete has an unfair advantage in a specific sport, from the question of whether that means the government should step in and make it illegal for an entire class of athletes to compete and at sports in all levels. And I guess the issue there becomes should, whether it's the NCAA, or even sort of, you know, finer tune than that organization step in and set up rules about who gets to compete and who doesn't, if only So, you can keep it out of the hands of like local governments trying to come in with way bigger way more sweeping. You may have heard people use the term privileged, what exactly does it mean? And how do you know if indeed, you are a person of privilege? Well, it's the topic Evelyn Bradley is tackling for us today, my diversity and inclusion consultant, who joins us for our new series called just ask. Our question for today goes like this. How do I explain privilege to someone who doesn't believe they have any. So capital P privilege has gotten some traction on the internet in the past five years or so. And I find that at this point, most people have made up their mind about how they feel about the word. For some of us, privilege means financial security. For some of us, privilege looks like being able to apply for any job you want. For some of us, it looks like being able to read the language that's most prevalent and common in your community. For some of us, it looks like access. For some of us, it looks like exclusion. And I find that at this point, the word privilege has reached a point where when it's brought up, no one use anything else other than their own internal thoughts and judgments around the word. So if you haven't turned the session just yet, and you're still listening, we're going to use the word social advantage versus social risk instead. And that's how we're going to frame it for the context of answering the question. So when I talk about social advantage and societal advantage, most people will agree that it exists, there is a societal advantage to speaking the prominent language in any particular place, and also being able to read it. No one will argue that's true. Most of us when we fill out a Pio form, or we happen to be in a government office, and we see the words written on a page, and we're given something to read, most of us don't think anything of it being offered in another language. For us. Having that ability to be given information in a way that we can perceive it is a societal advantage. Most people won't argue that it would probably be difficult if you didn't read English or French to navigate these systems, most of us can acknowledge that that happens to be true. But on the flip side of that, very few of us think about what risk that may pose to someone else. And so when we think about privilege, instead of thinking about it from the context of what we view as wealth, or ability or access, I want us to take a look at it from the perspective of what risk does this pose potentially for someone else? A perfect example of this is there are very few restaurants in town. I frequent. And the reason for that is a whole host of things. I'm really picky eater dietary restrictions, proximity to my house, all sorts of things. But the main thing I think about when I go into any new establishment is where are the restrooms and what are they labeled? Now for some of you, you also think about restaurants and you're like, Yeah, I wonder what the bathrooms are, and I wonder where the exits are. But for some of us, we think about the restrooms because of the social and the societal risk associated with using the wrong one, or the wrong one in somebody else's mind. So give you an example. My wife and I often are out and about. We've been to dinners we've been at drinks. And every time I need to use the restroom, my wife comes with me. And we've gotten jokes here and there. Oh, women can't go to the bathroom alone. Oh, you're not gonna miss her. Oh, she's not gonna run away and not come back. These are all little funny things and funny digs that people have when the two of us get up to you go to the restroom at the same time. Unfortunately, the reason that we do this is because I don't feel safe going into a non gender neutral restroom without someone to validate my femininity. And for most of us, that concept is foreign. Most of us don't have to think about our safety. In a restroom stall. We go in the bathroom we come out. Except for some of us. It's something that is always present and always prevalent, because it is a matter of safety and security, not just for us, but for other people. And so when I tell people this, I find that I get one of a couple of responses. One of the responses I often get is well just use the men's restroom. Let me tell you. Well, a new law in Texas would allow officials to investigate parents and doctors who provide trans children with gender affirming care. The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit to block the directive. Meanwhile, in Florida, Republicans in the House of Representatives on Thursday pass the parental rights and education bill. It centers a censors rather LGBTQ plus education in classrooms. This is us legislation. But yesterday more than 100 students walked out of class at HB Beale Secondary School to show their support for trans kids everywhere. And with us now as we'll Rolo. He's a grade 11 student who organized the walkout. Good morning to you. Good morning will tell me a little bit about why you wanted to organize this walkout? Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Well, first of all, as you stated, this is definitely a global issue. transphobia, especially trans phobia towards youth affects every trans person under the age of 18. And those these laws are specifically being raised in Florida and Texas. These issues are also very, very prevalent in London and that feel, what do you mean by that? Um, well, though, we don't have such systemically based to discrimination, thanks to the fact that we have a mostly Liberal government at the federal level, we do experience a lot of kind of, not even just micro aggressions, just aggressions that aren't properly acknowledged by administration. And we are kind of just faced with these daily problems that truly do prohibit our ability to learn in an equitable way. But up until yesterday, or the past few weeks, when I've actually had the chance to be listened to by admin. None of those needs were really being met. And I just didn't really feel that there was any action being taken or that the voices of trans students were being heard. Tell me a little bit about what you've gone through some of the experiences you shared yesterday at the rally. Yeah, well, um, I am really lucky now to be in a situation where everyone in my life is supportive of my gender identity. I have already begun medically transitioning, I live in a supportive household. But when I first came out, it was definitely not that case. My parents was not outwardly opposing my gender identity, but they kind of just ignored it, and would not use my proper name or pronouns. And at school. I was like her rendus We bullied for the fact that I was trans. Like that was it? Kids would call me a he, she they would call me slurs, they would ask really invasive questions about my sexuality, and my genitals in the classroom with teachers present, and the teachers would just do nothing. And even at like, age 12, I was told to like, like, walk into ongoing traffic, like, just sorry. Yeah, it was, it was really hard as a child to kind of have to go through that type of ostracization without even truly, really understanding why. Because because of the fact that even though my gender identity wasn't being supported, I did live in a household where I was educated about that stuff, I was never really kind of exposed to the more hateful side of presenting as genderqueer. So because of the fact that after the bullying experience took place, and there was absolutely no action taken by administration, when I came to them about it. I ended up just going back into the closet and going back to presenting as female for about two years until I got to deal and was in a supportive environment enough that I felt safe to come out again. I'm happy to hear that how are things for you now you and your family? And, and and I'm assuming you have a good group of friends at Beale? Yeah, absolutely. My life has improved exponentially since I was given gender affirming health care, since I was allowed to use my proper pronouns and names since I was given opportunities to socially transition. Also, just the people in my life has made kind of living with an identity that is so highly politicized so much easier because they have tried so hard to understand. That's really the most important thing is like, during your absolute best to understand, however you can because you never truly can understand these and really try and that's all that trans people want. And so how do you how do you feel looking on to what's happening in certain states in the US? I mean, what is your what is your well proposed legislation in Alaska could impact athletes here in the Yukon. The bill is called SB 140. It would ban transgender female athletes from competing with or against other female athletes in school sports. supporters of the bill say they're trying to protect girls sports, but others say it penalizes transgender female athletes and could have drastic consequences for their mental health. For more on this bill cvcs Daniel Dontre mom contacted Olivia Ebert's, she's a reporter with KY UK public media in Bethel, Alaska. And she's been covering this bill. So this is a bill that was introduced by Senator Shelley Hughes, who's from Palmer, Alaska. This bill would basically seek to ban transgender girls from participating in school sports with cisgender girls. So they wouldn't be able to be on the same team or compete against them in races or games. So the bill was introduced in the Senate, and then it was referred to the Senate Education Committee. That was the only committee of referral. And it is in committee right now. It's been heard twice in committee, once there was invited testimony from Senator Shelley Hughes, who was on the committee. And the second time there was public testimony, the process that it would take for it to pass it would have to be moved out of committee onto the Senate floor passed by the Senate then sent to the house. The house has been here and refer it to any necessary committees. And then if it passes those committees, it would be moved to the House floor for a vote. And then it would be moved on to the governor's desk. What would it look like for this to pass Senate and Alaska is Republican controlled? I would say that this is likely to make it to the Senate floor get moved out of this committee. This committee is all Republicans who are mostly in support of this bill. Besides one Democrat and the Democrat is the only person who's spoken out Senator Tom baggage. He's the only person who's spoken out in this committee against this bill. So this bill is likely to get passed by the Senate. But it's unlikely to get passed by the House, which is majority Democrats. Oh, and you break that down for us. So you're saying it's unlikely to get passed by the House? Why is that? And what has the reaction been that you've been hearing? So this is definitely not a bipartisan bill. And this is true for bills like it across the US. This bill mostly has support in conservative circles, Republican circles at Democrats are overwhelmingly opposed to this bill. I haven't heard one Democrat for this bill. So the house is majority Democrat, right now, by a slim margin, and I would say is unlikely to pass the House. And even if it does pass, there are major questions about the legality of this bill. There's sort of like an anti version of this bill making its way through the house right now that House Democrats has proposed that would prevent gender based discrimination. And it was written in mind with this bill in the Senate. And this bill actually is being heard in the House Judiciary Committee right now. So right now they're considering the legality of the opposite version of this bill. So what if the house is this? If this anti trans athlete Bill makes it into the house, it's very likely that it will not pass the House as House Democrats questioned the legality of it. Okay. Could you kind of paint picture of like the bigger context here? What's going on in the states like we've been hearing about the don't say, Gable? Can you kind of paint a picture for us? I can say that it does mirror some other similar efforts that are happening across the United States, there was a chance a gay bill passed in the Florida legislature. And then there was a bill passed in the Idaho State Legislature that would prevent transgender girls from playing on sports scenes or competing against transgender girls. And a lot of the invited testimony that we heard in committee was from the from from groups that advocated in Idaho from groups that advocated in Florida, from all over the United States. So there is a concerted effort taking place to advocate for bills like this. It's not a one off thing. That's Olivia Ebert's a reporter in Alaska who's been covering this bill. Mona luxon is president of queer EUCOM they're on the phone now. Good morning, good. It's Monday, February 7, I'm out of wall. Still to come as Canada's military takes a long hard look in the mirror to set itself on a course of reform following a scathing sexual harassment reports. We'll look abroad to other militaries and how they've dealt with sexual misconduct. But first, the waiting game. For anyone struggling with gender identity disorder, just arriving at the decision to fully transition from their birth gender, to the one they truly identify with can be a difficult and painful process. But after that decision is made another obstacle often looms large in their path, wait times wait times, especially to get referred for sex reassignment surgery. It is a referral that can't come from a patient's regular physician only from a special assessment center and the centers may be far away, in some cases out of province and yet they are the only way to get a green light for a life changing procedure. Now as more and more people are seeking surgeries to change their gender, the wait times at these clinics are swelling out of control. It is an issue that is causing outrage inside Canada's transgender community. Bryn Eamon is a 17 year old transgender male he's waiting for an appointment at CAMH the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto. This is the only clinic in Ontario approved to refer patients for this surgery. Brent even joins us from Ottawa along with his mother, Shannon Paige, hello to you both. Hello. Hello. Thanks for having us. Thank you for joining us. Bryn, tell us when you first knew that you were meant to be a boy. I knew as soon as I had a sense of myself as a person, actually. So you know, by the time that I was on, let's say to any that something funny was happening In that, you know, the identity that other people were suggesting to me was, mine was not, in fact, who I was, and how did that unfold from there? Um, well, there was a lot of years of, I guess, denial on my part, because it's kind of difficult thing to get your head around, you know, and you don't want it to be true. Because if it is true is going to be a big deal. You're gonna have to deal with a lot. So it took a while before I was ready to tell anyone a shout out what was that like for you to watch and go through that? It's difficult to explain as a parent, you know, Brenda is my only child. And I have one experience of raising a child. So what I saw with Bryn was, you know, a kid that's a year and a half that doesn't want to wear dresses is you know, it's quirky, it's funny. So a lot of the things that I sort of saw, I didn't know what it was, I didn't recognize it for what it was. Where are you at now, in your transition brain? You know, when I first talked to someone about it, I was, I think 15. I told my mom and my psychiatrist at the same time, I think it was October 2014 13. So now I've been going through the process for that long. I've been on male hormones for, I don't know, 10 months, and surgery is is sort of the next major step in this. That's right. Yeah. How long have you been on a waiting list? It's been since August 2014, that we sent the referral referrals for NH? And do you have any sense as to how long you would have to wait until your surgery would be available to you? Well, it's 18 months until the first intake interview. And then beyond that, we don't know how long it takes to get approval. And then of course, we would have to be referred to the surgeon, which could be many more months. So when you look at that, I mean, that's that's a lot of months added up. That's that's years that you could be waiting. Exactly, yeah. What does that like? Ah, well, really, honestly, it sucks. It's kind of horrible, actually. Because it's a big deal for me, you know, to get the surgery and to, you know, for for anyone who really needs a certain surgery, if you're waiting that long doesn't seem particularly? I don't know, correct, I guess. What do you mean, it doesn't seem correct? If it's possible to make it less waiting time, which it is, it is possible, then why should you have to draw it out like that, you know, when it's something that's going to really help people? What will it mean, when you finally get that surgery, it's going to be just easier to exist, I guess, to put it really simply, like when you're living with, you know, something that doesn't belong, you know, on your body, in my case, you know, breasts and that is not how I identify with being male, you know. There's a special flag raising ceremony at Windsor City Hall Square today, at 10 o'clock, the Transgender Pride flag will be raised, marking the start of trans Awareness Week leading to Saturday, which is transgender day of remembrance, and resilience. For more, we have Janet McIsaac on the line. She's the new president of trans wellness Ontario, and organization here in Windsor. Good morning. Hello, hello. How significant is this flag raising? What does it mean to you? It's a pretty significant event. You know, it's timely always good to see the city, raising up the trans flag because it gives a message that, you know, we're trying our best to make trans and non binary people feel welcome here, Windsor, because generally, we don't really feel that way. And so seeing this flag raised really gives us something to look towards and to try to hold the city accountable. Because raising that flag means something. It means that you're trying to make the city more inclusive for our community. You said something really interesting there, and that is that transgender people generally don't feel welcomed here and how do you feel? Good question. You know, Windsor is a place I've called, I've learned to call home since I moved here six years ago for school. And you know, I've always been out as a queer non binary woman here in Windsor. And during that time, you know, it's been very difficult to kind of feel included within the city in structural ways, you know, like things like just being able to access bathrooms or seeing community spaces that are supported by the city in many ways, you know, we used to have Windsor pride downtown. And that that was that was cleared out for a parking lot. And so seeing those things happen, and messages that, you know, we're not really considered or really taken into account for how we fit into the community here in winter, and how we bring value and give back to the community in that way. Right. What kind of movement? Have you seen, if any, in the six years that you've been here? You know, I think there's been a lot more conversation. And I think there's definitely a lot more action happening. And I think, you know, a lot of great community organizations are making that shift and taking on the work, because they noticed that no one else is really going to start doing it. Sci Fi organizations like the art gallery, Windsor who are doing phenomenal work, and changing their space and programming to be more inclusive of not only trans people, but other other groups and communities that have been traditionally excluded from these institutions. So it's nice seeing local businesses and local organizations really stepping up and doing the work that you need us. Because it's been lacking in other areas at times, right, a human rights organization focused on the LGBTQ community says this year is the deadliest year for transgender and gender non binary people. Are you seeing that here? I mean, I'm not talking about people being killed here. But are you seeing incidents, incidences of incidents of violence and whatnot? I think absolutely. You know, it was only recently that trans wellness Ontario was attacked, was attacked by a neo Nazi. And, you know, I think there's definitely been an increase in harassment and violence during the pandemic that has been targeted at trans people. As you said, this is one of the deadliest years on the record for violence directed at trans people. And here in Windsor, thank God. There hasn't at least my knowledge, there hasn't been any, any targeted attacks in that way. But you know, we have heard of reports of harassment and physical violence and people being intimidated, not only just the trans community, but there's that queer queer family that was living in Windsor that was kept being harassed for flying their pride flag, right. So those messages and those acts are kind of the things that we have to keep in mind every day when we go outside is, is today a day where we will be targeted simply for walking down the street and just be yourself. Is that on your mind every single day? I think so yeah. Whenever I leave the house, depending on if I'm dressed in a way that I want to dress, I can be very much quite visible and targeted for for violence or harassment. You know, with the transport data project, which looked at my experiences of trans people across Canada. I believe that over half of trans people within the last in the past five years have noticed that, you know, they avoid going to public spaces because they feel they feel that they will be targeted for violence. And this is what this week is really about is raising awareness about the issues that we face as a community so that we can try to end this prejudice, discrimination and systemic violence that affects our communities. It's Monday, February 7, I'm Adam Walsh. Welcome to CrossTalk today on the show healthcare and the transgender community. What barriers do people face what's working, what could be working better? Everything from transition related surgeries to mental health supports and challenges we'll be talking about today. I've got some great guests lined up and the discussion is going to be great don't go anywhere. But first, a word about mental health and a new training program. For businesses and workplaces so obviously there's been a lot of concern about the toll that COVID-19 And this pandemic is taking on our mental health. You know, the, it's dragging on there's the Omicron variant which continues to spread so to help place supports where they're needed. The Canadian Mental Health Association has created a certified psychological health and safety advisor training program for businesses and workplaces, allowing employers to be more proactive about mental health. Andrew Hawthorne was filling in for me last week, and he got this interview for us. I'm speaking with Kimberly Yetman Dawson, Chief Executive it may be. Today is transgender gender Day of Remembrance a day meant to raise public awareness of hate crimes against transgender people, and to remember those who have died. Charlotte Nolan is transgender and joins me now to talk about the importance of today. Good morning. Good morning. What does Transgender Day of Remembrance mean to you? Wow. It's a day to commemorate and honor all of our sisters who died violently last year. And last night, we have a ceremony. And we read the names of 460 of our sisters who murdered last year, or suicide or acts of violence. Transgender people are more likely to suffer from mental health issues and are twice as likely to have thoughts of suicide. What message do you have for the younger generation who might be having a hard time at this point? We're here for you that are just with many. We're here to listen, we're here to support them. We're here to let them love the laws and they have a place in society. So today, there's a special event happening Last night you said you had a ceremony and today there's something happening. Sentra unhealth is holding a Two Spirit sweats. And can you tell me a little bit more about what's happening? Well, that's our diagnosis that's hosted that we asked them to put the poster out so that our relatives in the community would know that this this sweater has been held by Cecil Smith's and and it's for Two Spirit people. One of the things that we heard in the communities, when are there going to be ceremonies? When Are there going to be sweat? Oh, this sweat that is happening. So that relatives can come together at ceremony and pray. And remember our sisters, you know, who've been taken away from us to honor them in this way, at the sweat lodge is our church. You know, it's with the earth. Mm hmm. And why is it important for there to be ceremony specifically for Two Spirit people? Because we've been forgotten by many over the course of her life. For many people, they feel we shouldn't be, we shouldn't invest, we shouldn't be part of it. And we're trying to educate the humanity that we've always been, we always will be. And that all we want is recognition. As human beings, first of all, we want acceptance as human beings. We want respect as human beings and be allowed to live in society bombsight of everybody else, in the same way that they're allowed to live. And I hear you're planning something big for next summer Sundance ceremony. Can you tell me a bit about that? Yeah. Spirit Manitoba, was granted money this year to purchase some land. And we'll be building an arbor and hosting the first two spirits, Sundance in Canada. And it'll be for Two Spirit people by Two Spirit people. And we're gonna welcome he said, that we've always looked at when we do ceremony, where we invite our relatives no matter who they are, to come in, and, you know, pray with us that we don't have closed doors. We don't charge a fee big companies are largest, you know, that. I grew up with the Catholic religion. And I left when I was 14, just for those reasons. Because the church is allowed is booked in a year. I know that bolted, it would have the names of the pair, parishioners, and how much they donated to the church, a few are poor and couldn't afford to donate much. You were at the bottom of the list. And to me when you have to buy religion, that's wrong. You know, religion is something that's given freely to us that's it is not going to be easy. I mean, obviously, it's I don't want to make it seem like some dog this mole awful thing because it isn't. But you know, I also don't want to sugarcoat it and say that it's going to be easy the entire time. And it's because, you know, sometimes it takes a while for things to get better. And sometimes, regardless of whether or not it's fair, or, you know, not, you have to fight very hard for, you know, to be yourself and obviously, not every transgender person feels the need to get surgery or take hormones to feel like themselves, but for the ones that do, you know, it's going to take a while and it's going to feel like it's, you know, that it's not fair and the universe is against you and everyone's trying to stop you from doing this. 










