You know, it makes me happy that after all we've been through, we FINALLY have an issue we can all come together and agree on it being dumb. This is dumb. Lia is no champion.
rip mods who are going moderate this thread
South Park did it.
The NCAA has since adopted a set of stricter guidelines that require elite trans woman athletes to have three years of HRT and to prove to a panel of medical experts that they do not have a competitive advantage over cisgender women. Those rules will be instituted in phases over the coming seasons. So Lia was approved under the old rules, but I don't think she'd be eligible under the new ones that will be implemented.
Sounds like she won by 11 sec too.

I thought Texas was all about freedom.
Texas also gerrymandered districts to give them to specific candidates. They try and strip all power from local governments and push out the Feds so they can rule over you.
They seek total domination, wielding law enforcement as a tool to establish Conservatism as a ruling class.
Looks like the "trans people following you into the bathroom" was actually just Texas all along.
Well at least the kids will be safe in foster care. Children never get mistreated in foster care.
Texas - the one star state. Sympathies to the good people stuck with this crap.

We can be both tolerant AND rational folks. Doesn’t make you an asshole.
I just don’t understand how this doesn’t make sense. Like how people can actually justify someone having a completely unfair advantage to allow to compete.
Nothing against trans folks but I agree with this they're in an unfair advantage I forgot the name of a swimmer but the man was ranked like 200th or something like that and when he changed his sex she's now ranked number 1
Good.
Pleasantly surprised at the consensus in the comments

Clout chasing parents
When I was 7 I was trying to make my hand pass thru the table
Low intelligence parents chasing clout
Using your children as pawns in your social media obsession is gross. Best of luck to that kid getting away from that fucking monster
Maybe just... let kids express themselves withour using terms. Some girls may want to get short haircuts/dress in "boy clothes", some boys like to do "girls stuff" there's no need to put labels on it, they will figure themselves out as they grow up, just let them express themselves, with certain boundaries ofc

For example, the vast majority of MtF transgenders try their best to look more "feminine", wear feminine clothes, makeup, use heels, put a makeup, shave the whole beard, act more submissive (this one not everyone), use wig, try to adjust their voice, and the opposite for FtM transgenders.
If they fight for gender equality (which of course they're right) shouldn't they care less about their appearances since doesn't matter if a girl has a makeup/is shaved or not, for example?
There is an argument saying that society wouldn't accept them if they don't change their looks, but I've talked with a few MtF transgenders and they told me they actually want to look feminine.
*Transgenders > trans people
I was talking about this to a friend, in our American society where you are allowed to be gay, you must always reinforce that you are straight (act masculine) otherwise people will assume. In societies where it is not fathomable, like Saudi Arabia, men can act very feminine, a Saudi friend would text me with flower emojis and call me "dear friend." Dude was straight as hell but since it is virtually impossible for them to be gay, they run no risk of being labeled gay for being feminine.
Another society, Russia, women can act extremely masculine without running the risk of being labeled lesbians, because it is not possible (in their mind-world) so they are free to be as masculine as they want
Edit: I'm all for the LBTQI+ community obviously, I just wanted to point out how ironically, straight people in our society have to conform with or actively avoid conforming to LBTQI+ stereotypes and identities
It's safer to pass, unfortunately.
To medically transition in the UK, youre expected to live within gender-normative roles in order for medical professional and the health system to see you as valid transgender person. Medicine and surgery is gatekeeped unless u fulfill these heteronormative ideas. Source: I'm a transgender man.
Passing privilege is real. It's probably different with each country/culture but to survive well we have to fulfill the expectations that those of the same gender do. It's definitely more rigid for transgender women who are already targeted for just being themselves. The option becomes being yourself who might not reinforce the stereotypical projection of masculine/feminine man/woman and face violence and discrimination, or conform and try to survive.
Additionally, pre-medically transitioned transgender people might overtly conform to the stereotypes of their gender to compensate for the fact that they might not look cis (that's if they want to be cis-passing). Cis-passing privilege comes with it the safety of being better able to explore masculinity/femininity without ridicule from the society
Tldr: transgender people sometimes choose to/like to conform to survive due to medical gatekeeping and societal discrimination
Many trans folks don't try to "pass" that hard. For a lot of people it's easier for Cis people to believe them of they try to present overly masculine or feminine but for some, it's a liberating experience to express themselves as who they are if they haven't had the opportunity to in the past

5

Some background: I have a trans sister came out to us around a year ago but had been on hormones for longer and hid it from us until she had moved out into her own place, probably because our parents are very conservative and known to be transphobic. As a result, there was this huge fight and a ton of people in our family (including our parents) cut her off and don't talk to her anymore.
I like to think I've been pretty supportive of her so far, using her pronouns and her name and all that (which has been hard, considering our fam gives me shit for doing so). I even make it a point to visit her every so often, while she hasn't seen most of our other family since last year. I also promised her that, if and when I got married in the future, she'd still be invited despite any tension with our family.
Me and my fiancé got engaged a while back. My parents (especially my dad) absolutely adore this guy, and since my sister came out, they've almost seen him as the substitute son. Almost as a result, he's definitely more on their side of the situation, and he's made it clear he doesn't really agree with, or like, my sister all that much.
After the proposal (which was very elaborate and surprising and orchestrated by my parents), my parents, who are wedding planners, started talking with me about planning the big day and even offered to pay for everything. I mentioned wanting to invite my sister, and they shut the idea down immediately, talking about how she disrespected the family and cut them off and all that. They basically gave me an ultimatum: have my wedding planned and paid for by them or have my sister there and they don't come at all.
I took my parents' offer, because I can't really afford to pay for an entire wedding and because my fiancé pressured me to accept it. I broke the news to my sister, and she's very understandably upset, but I'm still inviting her to a smaller afterparty over Zoom so we can still be together on the big day. I still feel really guilty about this, though, so, Reddit, AITA?
EDIT: I don't think I made it clear enough how overbearing my parents are. Just saying "no" to them wasn't really an option for me, and if I'd declined their offer, they simply wouldn't have come to whatever smaller wedding I managed to plan, which would have been even worse.
EDIT: I'm going to turn off notifications for this post because people keep misconstruing my position and ignoring how difficult of a position I'm in. I hope you all are happy.
Yta why marry a transphobic guy
If it were me, I'd DIY the whole thing to spite them. Assholes like that don't need enabling.
In ten years, what are you going to remember more - that you had nice centerpieces paid for by your parents, or your sister was banned from the wedding?
YTA. "I'd like to think I'm very supportive of her". You aren't, you turned her away in favor of your toxic parents who are also AHs for some money
YTA - Either you support your sister or you don’t. Using her pronouns and “even visiting her every so often” (what a saint! /s) isn’t the incredible work you think it is. It’s truly the bare minimum. And with your parents giving you a check with strings shows that you can be bought off.

The title should mention that this only affects middle school and high school sports, not collegiate or professional which is what most of the people agreeing with it think.
To quote the republican governor that vetoed the bill:
“Four kids and only one of them playing girls sports. That’s what this is all about. Four kids who aren’t dominating or winning trophies or taking scholarships. Four kids who are just trying to find some friends and feel like they are part of something. Rarely has so much fear and anger been directed at so few. I don’t understand what they are going through or why they feel the way they do. But I want them to live.”
Im assuming this was pushed because the transgender woman that won the NCAA swimming championship
It’s happening in Oklahoma too
This is after their own governor pointed out that this was a stupid move, that it would only affect 4 people in the entire state and that only a single one of them was a trans-girl.
This after the governor pointed out that it would destroy student women's sports in their state because the organization behind it just went though a lawsuit and could not afford another one.
And this after their republican governor vetoed the law citing all these common sense reason and adding his own "christian" reason at the end of it.
That as a Christian he didn't want people to die.
This is all very stupid and very sad.

The Science of Sport Podcast has done some really good discussions on this and other similar topics in sport.
If anyone is interested and wants to know more about this topic I'd recommend giving them a listen. Its science-based but still easy to understand.
Is there any sport where the women's variant competes at a higher level than the men's?
Heather Swanson wants to know her location
I think if you transition, you’re a woman/man in my eyes and should be in the eyes of society but you should have to give up elite level sports. There’s undeniable physical differences between sexes and that’s not going to change.

Republicans are all about protecting freedom and less government overreaching… except for everything they don’t agree with.
The party that stands for nothing and hates everything that isn’t exactly like them. A friend of mine still votes Republican (he still clings to the antiquated notion that successful businessmen must vote Republican) and it drives his husband crazy.
I asked him “At what point are the tax cuts no longer worth it? These folks literally don’t recognize your goddamn marriage.”
For people who are always crowing about "freedom", republicans sure do love anything that inches the country closer to a police state.
Whenever they can hand any function over to the police or get police more involved in people's daily lives, they do it. They're most consistently the ones who want more police, more surveillance, more prisons, harsher sentences, more war, more bombs, more guns (and—not coincidentally—less history and science teaching). They're a cult of oppression and violence and yet they're constantly accusing everyone else of being authoritarian.
Ah yes the party of no government regulation uses the government to regulate peoples genitals and uses religion-based morality to impose their religious views upon people.
The hypocrisy and lack of empathy of these people is so disturbing and disgusting
Small government!
Let parents decide!
No, not about THAT!

A representative who cites a study on transgender suicide rates, and then demonstrates they actually read the study? That’s a sight rarer than Bigfoot.
Four kids and only one of them playing girls sports. That’s what all of this is about. Four kids who aren’t dominating or winning trophies or taking scholarships. Four kids who are just trying to find some friends and feel like they are a part of something. Four kids trying to get through each day," he wrote. "Rarely has so much fear and anger been directed at so few.
Like wow! Sometimes you find compassion in the most unlikely places. Awesome!
Oddly, he did just sign a sweeping abortion ban which can increase the deaths of pregnant women by twenty-one percent
edit - I made an honest error on dates, it was former Gov Herbert who signed a couple abortion bills, one right before retiring
Also it's not as though Cox didn't have controversial abortion takes, or doesn't believe in banning abortions, he does
All four of the Republican men on stage at the Utah Eagle Forum convention on Saturday were unambiguous in their opposition to abortion, stating clearly that they would sign a bill defining life as beginning at conception, if given the opportunity as the state’s next governor.
Spencer Cox, the state’s lieutenant governor, repeated his belief that future generations will come to view abortion as negatively as today’s Americans view slavery.
I’m a teacher and have “adopted” most of my grade’s non-binary and transgender students because they didn’t feel safe with other teachers. A few conversations I’ve heard in the teacher’s lounge confirm that some teachers have no interest in these kids living or dying.
More than 47% of Trans People reported a suicide attempt before turning 18. We have no idea how many kids successfully killed themselves over this. It’s absolutely frightening and if it were any other group with numbers like that, we’d declare it a national crisis.
EDIT: now, and every single time I post something in support of Transgender children, I get reported for "self-harm". The people doing this should really seek help. I feel sorry for you that you are so threatened by the existence of some people. I am not sure what went wrong in your life, or who hurt you or taught you to hate, but attacking children and people earnestly trying them just makes you look as bad as you probably feel. I hope you get better, I really do, but if that's not in the cards I wish you would just go away and spare the world your toxicity.
Dude's about to be kicked out of the GOP. Good for him, being so caring and forceful in his response.
Edit: Yes, he does still represent mostly uncaring principles, but I think we all need to look for specific policy allies where we can to move forward. Maybe one governor cares about LGBTQ humanity, or at least won't demonize them, and it's not much, but it starts the ball rolling for others in his party to join him in speaking up. It isn't everything I want, but it has to start somewhere.


10

I feel threatened that an ignorant fool like MTG can actually hold a position of authority in our federal government.
Voicing fears and of feeling threatened because she's hoping someone will "take matters into their own hands".
MTG is a terrorist.
For the party that “doesn’t live in fear”, they sure are afraid of a lot of shit.
She's threatened by a former pediatrician who looks about as aggressive as an elementary school librarian.
What must it be like in the screen saver she calls a mind?
Irrational fear (which leads to irrational hatred) is the corner-stone of conservative thought. In a weird way, this is the most honest mtg has ever been...

Remember when Blaire White did that debate about the future of the republican party with two people who openly and constantly said during the debate that trans people were immoral, evil, and disgusting people with no place in the republican party, and Blaire White just sat there and nodded along to it…
Because I remember.
I love when people use “apart” when they mean “a part” because it makes what they’re saying, mean the exact opposite.
Imagine being gay or trans and a conservative.
It's got to be some form of self-destruction.
The sad part is that comment is super mild compared to what they usually tell her. Talking about that's a grain of salt and what they usually tell her is a whole silo. And she'll still sit there and take it and then tell them how great they are.

What does "gender affirming" mean in a non-binary context?
I'd be very interested to see this same thing over 5 and 10 year periods.
This seems to be a helpful study, but are 104 subjects enough to quantify "greatly reduced rates" vs "reduced rates" of suicidality?
It’s amazing after thousands of years of recorded human history that this is only now becoming a problem within the last 5 years
How about the course of years?

texas lost its appeal long ago.
Could you imagine spending all those years, and all that money, to become an attorney, get a job with the state, and then wind up just being used to try to bully children and their families as part of a political stunt to drum up support from actual bigots?
Why is Texas so obsessed with transgender youth?
Gotta love states pursuing laws that violate other laws causing lawsuits at the cost of taxpayer money that theyll inevitably fight to the end and lose consistently.
Brings a tear to my eye
Is there some plague of trans teens that I’m unaware of? The amount of money, energy and time being spent to harass an incredibly small % of the population seems insane to me. I’m going to introduce a bill that single men over 25 are required to have vasectomies, to protect the sanctity of children in marriage . I’m sure we’d see a quick hypocritical turn around…“that’s crazy, you can’t dictate what I do with my reproductive organs!”

Gannon then asked, “Are you gonna go through the procedure?” She likely meant a gender-affirming surgery on Jackson’s genitals. Unfazed by Gannon’s question, Jackson said, “You think we’re going around forcing our genitalia in people’s face? We’re trying to use the bathroom. And what you want to do is not let people do that.” Avery Jackson’s mother, Debi Jackson, then spoke directly to Gannon, saying, “You’re asking a 14-year-old on public record about genitals and if people could see that. How would anyone know?”
“You think we’re going around forcing our genitalia in people’s face?" That is exactly what they think...if they bothered to think about it at all.
I’ve been using male restrooms for 36 years and I’ve never seen another dick or ass or anything that wasn’t my own.
These guys are the ones who are convinced liberals are all trafficking children, but then go on to talk about children's genitals at every opportunity. Sick.
What activity are these Republicans up to in the bathroom, that they think everyone can see each other’s genitals and everything is so sexually charged?

15

The government seems a bit contradictory on this.
You can see how toxic the debate is in this sub regularly. The regularity with which trans rights are conflated with rape is sickening and the use of anecdote to smear a demographic beyond disgusting.
I really do hope that we can learn from this and that no demographic has to go through what trans people have been through the last few years. It’s taken such a toll on trans people’s mental health and I seriously wouldn’t wish it on any of you.
Edit: below there is literally a user claiming paedophile rights will be next, I think Freer might be onto something here.
He's right. Too many people dehumanise trans people to suit their arguments. If they have more interactions with them it becomes harder to see them as monsters because they realise they are just people like them. Dehumanising an "other" is the oldest political trick in the book to deny minority rights and that's why this is so similar to the gay panic of the 80s, 90s and 00s.
He's absolutely right, the arguments that most transphobes use are straight out of the same prejudice playbook. The amount of ignorance on display about trans issues would be very funny if so many people didn't suffer for it.
It's absolutely shredding my brain space to agree so thoroughly with a Tory MP.
I HATE IT.
Very well said indeed.

Who would have thought that a transgender person to going to one of the countries where homosexuality is the most heavily persecuted in the world would cause any problems?!?
Sorry, but that was a stupid idea. No sympathy for not checking your holiday destination's culture and laws beforehand.
Describing the ordeal as a “nightmare during which I’m fully awake,” Noppakaroon recounted how she was made to sit in the men’s waiting room and subjected to intrusive questions by an airport employee, such as whether she was able to have children, whether she had “done it all” and the size of her breasts.
Noppakaroon tried her best to prove her identity by showing them clips of her work.
“But he didn't really care and was more interested in sex,” she shared.
So much to unpack here. That hostility + sexual fascination towards transgender says so much about some people.
honestly it’s a terrible ordeal and it’s easy to say “why would you go to a muslim country if you’re trans?” but this person mistakenly assumed Dubai would be more welcoming. honestly based on Dubai’s tourism propaganda, you could see why someone could make that mistake. sucks to be there in that situation
I thought it was quite well known that Dubai was not a safe place to travel for LGBT, particularly trans.
There are several cases of people being detained or arrested for it. The reassignment surgery or medication is illegal, crossdressing is illegal, and being trans is a criminal offense. What was she expecting?
It's the same as the people who get a life sentence or death for bringing drugs into Singapore. You have an obligation to research the local laws and customs, if you don't do and get in trouble, the responsibility also rests on you.
I can’t fathom why anyone would voluntarily enter Dubai for any reason.

We got people being mad that they can see camel toes in other posts, and we got posts where people are mad they cannot see camel toes.
No wonder everyone is confused with what they want.
"I can't see your genitals as clearly as I'd like therefore you're going to Hell!"
Sir, sir. I don't think that's how that works.
Thankfully this guy had a freak out over the Internet and not in person. If you've ever wondered how panic killings happen it's this right here.
LMFAO one dude's like "how dare u falsely make me horny I rebuke u in jesus name"
Gold
Reason #27391 someone’s gender is being questioned:
“vagina opening” wedgie not showing through panties.
I’m starting to run out of space for all this mansplaining of women’s bodies
those panties don't even look that tight. and besides the photo is probably edited so that if she did have a camel toe it was removed, like how a lot of brands will edit out the nipple

Even when anti Trans laws fail the pass the targets still hear the messaging. Still are hurt by the attacks. It is important for a President to say something positive during such a high profile moment.
Republicans like to use the Bible as their source that there is only a Man and a Woman. However, the bible references the phrase 'Not to judge, that is God's role' more than 20 times. So, by judging transgender people, are Republicans saying they are smarter than God?
This is just words of course, but sometimes just words are really important.
(And this administration is also backing it up in court and with policy)
Now, give them access to healthcare.
He'll always have your back, but he wont pressure congress to pass trans protections federally. He wont do any executive orders to try to reign in trans abuse. He wont try to allocate government funds to agencies that can help transitioning people.
He wont even publicly demonize people like abbot who wont be satisfied until he's built his own throne from the skulls of abused trans kids.
It's textbook democrat lip-service. I'm your friend and ally but I wont do shit to actually help you, and if you don't vote for me, my opponent literally wants you dead.

It’s wild how this move completely overshadowed the fact the Texan governor told energy supplers to charge the absolute maximum during their snowstorm that paralyzed the state. Watch this hand but ignore the other
The party of "small government" folks...
The nation's largest pediatric hospital is located in Houston, and they just discontinued gender-affirming care because of the threat of prosecution and persecution:
https://www.modernhealthcare.com/politics-policy/hospital-stops-therapies-after-gender-confirming-care-order
Many doctors across the state are cancelling prescriptions for puberty blockers and HRT for trans kids as well, for the same reason. Last fall Texas shut down it's suicide hotline for trans and LGBTQ kids, and stripped all mention of those resources from their websites:
https://www.texastribune.org/2021/10/12/texas-lgbtq-resources-department-family-protective-services/
This is a coordinated and orchestrated attack on trans kids every bit as planned and deliberate as Putin's attack on Ukraine.
As advocates await the hearing Friday, Hale said Equality Texas has received a variety of calls from nervous parents, including from a family who was afraid to take their trans child to the emergency room. She said doctors and therapists are also afraid of providing transition-related care and mental health support to minors because they fear losing their medical licenses, even though such care is supported by relevant accredited medical organizations, including the American Medical Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychological Association.
The cruelty is the point
Somewhere in Texas there’s a child being beaten to death and another child whose parents can’t be bothered to get medical care. But the authorities would rather investigate this nonsense.

20


So, he hates his own child? He is a prime Republican presidential candidate.
Good to see these kids rage against the machine!
So proud of my school. Fuck Jeff Younger.
And some of the GOPer are whining about it.
How dare they be mean to the bigot?
Can’t take care of a child? Can’t take care of a district.

Is he the author? Did he call HIMSELF that?
Matt Walsh wrote a children's book?
Ahh yes. Wise words from Matt "We Need to Bring back Arranged Marriages" Walsh.
He went to my campus protesting a trans swimmer competing, and someone responded by going in and showing a sign that said “Matt Walsh watches Femboy Furry porn”.
Beloved by those on the right, perhaps.

BYU's raynbow collective got pushed off campus a few weeks ago for having more than one person sitting at a table handing out (pronoun) pins—apparently, that was a protest. I am very pleased to see the Y lit up again.
It was lit up as the trans flag early, they just switched to the rainbow, the cops are interviewing people. If you want to check out the livestream to stay up to date go to the latter gay stories page on Facebook and watch
Nothing boils Provo's blood more than gays
I love to see it! This is awesome.
Hopefully there’s some way we can help with the legal fees.

Haha that doorman get this dude out of my doorway !
Talk shit get hit
That open handed left wow! The fight was already over after that. He just didn’t know it.
“He knocked out. Don’t drop him on his head”
That left hook found it's home twice and dude went into deep sleep mode.

Rank 462 in men's
Shoutout to the 4 women who had to overcome adversity and beat a man in their division, very impressive.
So she finished 1st at 100m and 400m by a big margin but 5th at 200m
Hmmmmmmm.........
That's called sandbagging.
Live your life how you want, but when you send home actual women to make room for a male to compete it's bullshit. They can LARP all they want, but Will Thomas will never be an actual woman .

25

Conservative censorship is spreading
Whatever happened to freedom? Freedom of speech, freedom of expression. Freedom from religion.
Ah, the people who believe in “liberty” and “freedom.” It’s always them.
Oops, how did these puberty books get hidden over by the YA fiction? Those damned kids.
And now it's Texas...now it's Florida...now Texas..here comes Florida!!..Texas!...Florida!...tune in next week to see who captures the title for the most oppressive, regressive, fascist state in the US!

So... murdered in her apartment, no forced entry. No suspect, no motive.
Just a friend with an agenda.
Could be a whole lot of things. I'll sit on my outrage until more information is shared, but if it's anything other than a Trans serial killer, it will never get posted
Argentina has the most progressive and comprehensive transgender rights laws in the world and it’s in Latin America. This article is all sorts of weird.
Whenever a trans person is killed, they are killed because they are trans," she said.
That’s a bit of a hot take.
Hope they catch the bastard.
This comment section definitely won't be a cesspool.

“Call off your dog” isn’t a very lady-like thing to say
the pedos are waiting in the background sniffing out their moment to start publicly crying for rights. 10 years, tops.
We went from “gays should be able to get married” to “women’s rights is hate speech” real quick.
That is a dude. It will always be a dude
MeNtAl HeAlTh -100
You can't swap genders whenever you want, it doesn't work like that.

This is such a stupid hill to die on (not for her, but the people attacking her).
Trans activists always talk about how gender is different than sex. Okay, fair enough. But then how is separating sports based on biological sex transphobic?
There have been multiple studies that show trans women maintain an advantage over cisgender women, even after receiving hormone therapy. Nothing about this makes any sense. I just don’t get it.
By not conceding on this issue, they’re damaging their own movement more than any terf could ever hope to. It honestly makes them look so stupid and detached from reality.
I for one miss the days when women's sports were completely irrelevant and no one gave a fuck.
Is it me or is everyone arguing with no one?
It's unbelieveable how many far left Redditors are ready to die on this hill, defending dudes competing in women's sports and trying to convince themselves it's normal.
It's insane that this is even a controversial topic. No worse than debating flat earthers... they are too far gone mentally.
Stamp it out now before it becomes widespread.

Sometimes real life feels like the public access radio station on gta vice city
Cool. Can we do housing insurance next?
"small government"
I love people pretending like they give a shit about women’s college swimming
He's a dumb fuck, but this is definitely not an easy topic to find the right answer for. I support trans rights but I also recognize that trans women have biological differences that can provide advantages in athletic competition. The government should stay out of it regardless and let leagues define their own rules.

30

They will force it down your throats.
Disgusting. This conference, the NCAA, the staff, the A.D. and ESPN should be absolutely disgusted with themselves.
Relevant professional women at the top of their game vs. high school male athletes
Emma Weyant, Erica Sullivan, and Brooke Forde (2nd - 4th place respectively) all have Olympic silver medals from Tokyo. Those aren't just American athletes, those are women at the top of the sport internationally. And we let a dude with a mental disorder somehow stand above them? Disgusting.
When are female athletes going to refuse to compete if a male is competing against them?

Comments on this submission have been locked because at this point people have had sufficient opportunity to express their opinions.
What’s the cause? Suicide? Homicide? Drug overdose due to self medication? I couldn’t get the article to open
tl;dr:Poor mental health has a massive cascading effect on your well being. If it's not suicide, it's poor diet, drugs, alcohol, sleep deprivation direct or indirect self harm
“People were excluded if they used alternating testosterone and oestradiol treatment, if they started treatment younger than age 17 years, or if they had ever used puberty-blockers before gender-affirming hormone treatment.”
Why were these people excluded? Wouldn’t that lead to a conclusion that it isn’t hormone therapy? Because you know… all the people that did that were excluded?
This is a genuine scientific question. Is there anyone who could explain this? ( without resorting to name calling?)
Some perhaps related statistics:
8% of transgender adults experienced homelessness in the last year
17% of sexual minority adults have experienced homelessness in their lives (compared to 6% of cisgender straight people)
20% of sexual minorities experienced homelessness before the age of 18

I know this is a joke but I literally hate that line so much!!! Like it’s disgraceful and it makes me mad how often it’s played on the radio
Day 638405 of cishet men sexualizing lesbians
Isn't drake a child grooming pedophile?
I hate how people find this normal, even the Weeknd said that he wanted to "fuck lesbians straight"
This song came on the other day and I expressed how much I hated it......my fiancee didn't understand. I had to go into depth about it.
We are a lesbian couple

The Mormon church overturned the governor.
This is where some of your surplus tax revenue is going to go Utahns, to fight this in court.
I hope the NBA all star game gets taken from SLC.
Ryan Smith is probably a top 10 tithe payer, so he can’t really claim to be an idle bystander
Here's a thought: ban sports. The star treky utopian future led by Papa Musk will make sports obsolete.
Time for another voter initiative. The Utah legislature has not learned its lesson from the last two.

Yep, growing up in rural UT I’m aware of that. I’m also aware that rural or not Utah has a surprisingly large LGBTQ population who’s family members want the same things for their gay kids as their straight LDS kids.
I do support the bill.
I imagine the girls who have to play against an other team with a biological male will be at a huge disadvantage. Some girls use sports as a way to get into college, why should their chances be taken away from them because of a transgender?
I'm sure there's some middle ground that can be met but until then I'll support this bill
Why is it only ever trans women that wish to participate in women's sports and not visa versa?
So is anyone worried about a 6’5 275 pound transgender female going up against a 5’2 125# female in basketball? Same scenario in martial arts, womens wrestling, softball, lacrosse, any physical sport with contact. Is this fair to ask girls to go up against transgender girls? Help me understand how this is okay. I really want to understand. Not trying to be hateful trust me it is not me. I am all for LGBQT rights but damn girls will get hurt and it also taints any kind of record books and stats these girls have worked hard to get. I truly want the transgender population to be treated with respect and dignity but this is truly tough one. Please don’t come at me with hate I really want to understand how, why people think that this is okay.

35

FYI for everyone asking what a binder is who didn't see the comment from OP answering it: "binder" is short for "chest binder," which is a garment that compresses/rearranges chest tissue for a flatter look.
It’s nice you have parents who support you; good luck m8
Glad to see a positive “coming out” post! (I’ve been on publicfreakout too much)
Bind safely! Use it in turns like one hour a day for a couple of days and proceed like that, I pulled 3 ribs out of place not binding right!
Edit: I used to bind for about 3 years just because I didn't like the social weight of having breasts, they made me feel awkward and clunky. My views in myself have since changed and I no longer bind, however, I was and am happy with both of my decisions.
I saw your post about getting your haircut and I’m so happy for you that your parents are being supportive!
You look awesome. But more importantly, you look happy. Congrats

if they have a clear advantage then new categories must be made
Fuck it. Let's just make a seperate category where everyone can compete with no restrictions.
Well, it is unfair.
Everyone and their dog knew this was giving an unfair advantage. Every female athlete and their dog came out and said it's unfair. Every SJW continued to screech about it and here we are. Maybe in 10-15 years we'll reach the momentous scientific breakthrough that indeed biology matters. Crazy idea, I know.
Most people that talk about this issue haven't trained or participated in any sport at a high level. Yes, trans women are women. No, there is no good solution for the problem of trans athletes. Before you downvote me to hell, let me at least explain myself.
Gender dysphoria is the mental illness that makes a person feel uneasy about the mismatch of their biological sex and their gender identity. The "cure" for it is to change the body of that person to match their gender identity. That "cure" is hormone therapy along with other things. The biggest problem, if we look at it from a sports perspective is that fucking with your hormones may give you an advantage. Gender dysphoria isn't the only medical condition where the cure is banned.
A lot of males as they age experience erectile disfunction. The cure for that is TRT (Testosterone replacement therapy). I wouldn't know but I imagine not being able to have an erection would be a pretty big detriment to the quality of your life. Those people are not able to take the cure to their problems if they want to compete in sports because it is banned.
Another common illness is asthma. Inhalers are (in most regulation bodies rules) banned during competition.
The thing most people don't get about sports is that it's the 0.1% of the 0.1% of people. Not everyone can get there. I have trained MMA for years and I was thinking about going professional. My knees said nope and that was that. I was genetically fucked with bad knees. Is that fair? No. But sports is something where you have to be exceptional in every way. I am not.
Until we find a good solution I believe trans people shouldn't compete in sports. It may be hurtful but crushing the dreams of cis women athletes is also hurtful. Those cis women are playing by the rules. Trans people are trying to change the rules.
Call me a transphobe, I do not care.

I'm certain that this post will be completely civil and definitely won't get locked
South park follow up episode.
Whelp... time to stroll through the comment section...
It's a bit odd that last time she beat an olympian silver medal winner to go first and now she was fifth.
Whether she is winning or losing the competition, people will have a problem. We just won't talk about the literal years of hormones with blood tests and NCAA signing off on her competing.

You look excellent. Really lucked out genetically.
Woman to woman your beautiful
You are absolutely gorgeous
Gorgeous!
You have very pretty eyes.

Read the CNN article. She didn't just set the records, she blew them out of the water. (Pun intended.)
I'm all for her living her transitioned life but there is no doubt that medically she has advantages that cis women don't. I feel sorry for the rest of her teammates.
I support trans rights, it shouldn't matter what bathrooms they go into. They shouldn't be ostracized for who they are
But, I also feel like things like this just hurt cis women and cis women are expected to back down and let it happen, otherwise we will be labeled as transphobic or labeled as not allies to the cause. I just feel like when your biological build has an effect on it, you should just take the L and not participate in that, because it just hurts another group that's already marginalized.There is a reason why women's sports are separated from men's sports.
Edit: yep, I just got called a raging transphobe and I was told I am the worse type of transphobe for not understanding how bigoted I am lol. Knew it was coming
There' never going to be a fair way to solve this, so hard as it may be to hear for some, you can't ruin sports for 50% of the population in order to appease .0001% of the population.
The whole point of having women's sports along side men's is for women and girls to be able to compete on their own without having to face males, who in most physical sports simply would dominate them
For example the NBA does not prohibit women from playing, it's just as simple as no woman is physically able to keep up with male players and therefore the WNBA exists to allow great women players to be able to showcase their talents
In this case it seems quite clear to me that women have the right to want to prohibit trans women from competing against them as this creates a super unfair advantage. Lia Thomas for instance was ranked #462 as a male and now ranks #1 as a female. There were hundreds of boys whose high school 100m times beat that of the woman's Olympic 100m. None of the women's finals performances even met that of the qualifying time to enter the boys' high school competition in 2016 for example
This isn't to say that Trans people should be barred from sports, if certain people/competition organizers all agree to let a trans woman for example compete then I see no reason why she shouldn't be able to but cases like this are so clearly stacked against the biological women that it doesn't even make sense to separate them from males anymore if this is going to keep happening
Most girls and women are well aware that if they compete against males, they wouldn't stand a chance and are therefore perfectly happy competing only against other girls and women but things like this and other examples of trans women coming in and dominating just seem super demoralizing to me and I think it's quite frankly absurd that it's allowed to happen

40

i think all care i general should be free lol
you're not the only one, I think all healthcare (including care for trans people) should be 100% free
All health care should be free to the patient.
Doctors should be paid for by the government.
All heathcare should be free. This includes trans healthcare and mental healthcare.
it should 100% be free. i’m in canada and some things are covered, but only really the “big” surgery. nothing else that can possibly be life saving (ffs for example which will cost me a lifetime). plus medications not even covered here yet, which should be universally covered regardless of if it’s for trans people or not

It’s partly an inability to reconcile mind/body incongruity without resorting to the language of illness. Their ontology does not allow for anyone experiencing a way of being that is outside their own experiences. So small mindedness. Or just being bigoted, could be that too.
Because thats how it was classified for a long time. As was homosexuality. I think in a lot of countries it still is medically classified as a mental illness. They clearly have no kind of critical thinking capability.
We know damn well it isn't. Theres nothing wrong or off about being transgender.
Because they need to feel good about themselves by acting as if being mentally ill makes you a bad person, and then saying trans people are mentally ill
I want to get to that spot :c. My egg has cracked and I'm in the difficult part of just trying to get out of the shell.
A lot has to do with how the psychiatric community classified all LGBTQ+ identities as mental "illness" until very recently. In fact, it's only been in the latest Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) VI that GID was declassified from Gender Identity Disorder to Dysphoria.
Add to that the stigma that still surrounds mental health in general being seen as either axe-crazy psychopaths or suicidal depressives (I blame Hollywood for a lot of these stereotypes) And there is a lot of potentially purposeful misinformation out there...
Plus, it is ridiculously easy to simply punch down to make yourself feel better. After all, why deal with your own demons when you can blame someone else for them.

So they have the time to do this but not start a Federal corruption commission despite promising it over 4 years ago?
I hope this lying bag of catsick is thrown out.
Also Morrison: "Aussies are sick and tired of the government being so controlling, and want government out of our lives"
Nek minnit: "Oooh, culture war possibility! You need more government in your lives!"
Election coming up, time for some culture wars
Why even legislate this? Surely sporting codes will incorporate rules that make sense for thier specific sport themselves to ensure fairness. .
Only reason to do this is you're running on a made up culture war.
The Libs are a broad church, who make sure to put as much emphasis as possible on church.

Wdym everyone, he’s helping us! We can fight in the military now, and we can…umm….yeah that’s about it
Having their back doesn't help when they're being stabbed from the front.
Wow golly gee, the president of the united states supports our rights to not be separated from our families just for existing? Then why do I feel so helpless when nothing is done about it?
Say I wonder what happened to the cages at the border?
If he has our back he should do something.
Fucking prove it, then.

You could always write cosmetic procedure and leave it at that. That covers a multitude of things
That's so invasive. I don't see why they need to ask these questions
“This is personal information.” Hit send
Companies don't value people, so you shouldn't feel bound by any moral obligation to be honest (or anything really) with them. The HR representative who reads your response wouldn't care if you were homeless as a result of being unemployed. Treat that company the way it deserves to be treated. And for that matter, treat yourself the way you deserve to be treated too. Don't let yourself work for a company that makes you feel uncomfortable and harassed before you even submit your resume. If that is their application form, what do you think their corporate culture is going to be like?
What the fuck.
What employer has the right to know if you have gynaecological problems?

45


Allow me to preface this by breaking down what HB 675 - which passed the Idaho House on a nearly party-line 55-13 vote - does:
(1) Criminalizes the seeking of any and all gender-affirming care for transgender youth by their parents and/or guardians.
(2) Criminalizes the providing of gender-affirming mental health care to transgender youth.
(3) Criminalizes the recommendation of transgender youth for medical gender-affirming care by mental health professionals.
(4) Criminalizes the providing of medical gender-affirming care to transgender youth.
(5) Criminalizes the seeking of any and all gender-affirming treatment for transgender youth by Idaho parents and/or guardians in any state in the country.
What is the penalty for breaking any part of this potential and utterly totalitarian law, you might ask?
LIFE. IN. PRISON.
You read that correctly.
And I would definitely take another look at #5 while you're at it. Technically speaking, if this bill is passed and allowed to go into effect, the Totalitarian State of Idaho would be allowed to investigate the parents and/or guardians of known transgender youth who attempt to leave the state for any other reason as well, be it a vacation or even a move. And if the Totalitarian State of Idaho decides to assume that said parents and/or guardians are, say, moving out of the state to seek residence/refuge for themselves and their transgender youth in a non-totalitarian state that would allow said youth to receive gender-affirming care, they can throw the parents and/or guardians in prison for life.
This is the most blatant attack on the freedom of movement between states since the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850. That is not exaggeration or hyperbole, but a stone cold fact.
And now, onto the genocide talk:
During the arguments in favor of this legislation, Idaho State Representative and Fascist Prick Julianne Young argued the following...AND I QUOTE:
"I see this conversation as an extension of the pro-life argument. ... We are not talking about the life of the child, but we are talking about the potential to give life to another generation."
Read that again. And then read it a third time because your mind very likely tried to automatically scorch the words from your memory the first two times.
According to this Fascist Prick, the value of a human being is determined by their ability to contribute to the conception of members of the next generation. If a human being takes or considers taking any action that might artificially 'inhibit' that ability, they are to never again be considered 'human' and are to be immediately cast aside.
This is quite possibly the single most dehumanizing statement made by a politician in the 21st Century.
It transcends the stripping away of transgender youths' agency and denial of their self-awareness that has become commonplace over the last few years. It transcends the arguments made against abortion and gay marriage in the last several decades. It transcends all of the wishy-washy talk surrounding all of these subjects and then some.
And it validates our very worst fear.
We are not even human beings to them.
And this isn't even about just transgender people. Oh, no. No, no, no. It's not even about just the LGBTQ+ community. Anyone who has received an elective hysterectomy is technically covered by this statement. Anyone who has received an elective and irreversible vasectomy without banking sperm is technically covered by this statement.
And so on. And so forth.
This is a genocidal statement.
And we should all be afraid.
Shouldn't we all be pissed because fear just makes us complacent? Also, this statement isn't even true. We aren't even the cause of the lowered rate of births this generation. Between lowered sperm counts across the board due to health hazards in manufacturing like microplastics and pesticides, and the poverty level where young people can't afford to stop working long enough to have kids, this is just a transphobic delusion or lie.
Idaho member here. Im up to hit a protest if anyone else is.
How can a state can make a bill EVEN WORSE than the last one??
This is literally the reason the Nazis went after gay men.
There's still time to fight this, Idaho siblings! The president pro tempore of the Senate called HB666 and HB675 "craziness" that he expects to end up stuffed in a drawer somewhere in the senate wing. We can make sure that happens.

I have a student in my class that identifies as a boy. I have no problem with that. They prefer they/them pronouns and want to be referred to with a traditionally male name instead of their birth name. No problem.
Last month, we had a very tense conference with the parents, who brought their child's psychologist, because some of my colleagues continue to refer to them as she/her and use their birth name. We were told that they definitely do not identify as a girl and that we need to stop using she/her pronouns. Again, I have no problem with this and had already been doing so.
The other day, we received a flyer for a girls' engineering program. It, in no uncertain terms, says it is for those who identify as girls. It specifically uses that language.
This student came up and asked why I hadn't given them a flyer when I passed them out to all of the girls, because they wanted to attend. I said I couldn't give one to them, as they do not identify as a girl.
Now I have an email from the parent wondering why I refused to give the flyer to them.
EDIT
For clarification, this wasn't some huge standoff between the student and I at the end of the day, with me holding back a huge stack of flyers and them begging for one like Oliver Twist. I have 14 students identifying as girls. I received 14 flyers, plus 1 to post on the wall. The student asked why they hadn't received one. I told them. They shrugged and said, "Oh, okay," and continued packing their bag for the end of the day. We high fived like usual, they said, "Have a jazzy weekend," with a big smile, as usual, and left. It wasn't until I got the email that I realized there was a problem.
EDIT 2
I originally made this post out of a gut reaction, as these parents are, understandably, on the defensive with so many of my colleagues struggling to be accepting. Thinking back on all of my interactions with the parents, they hold a positive opinion of me, and that was even reiterated in the meeting above. Looking back on the initial email, the tone was neutral and did not make any gender-based accusations. My anxiety got the better hold of me and I made this post.
UPDATE
I received an email from the child's parents this morning. They revealed that they had a long discussion with their child last night.
First, the child didn't actually want a flyer until they were on the bus and heard from their friend that they were considering going, so they apologized for making the accusation that I had "refused" to hand them the flyer.
Second, they thanked me for affirming their child's gender. They revealed that they had discussed with their child why they felt the need to go with their friend to a program for persons identifying as girls. Long story short, their child reaffirmed that they are a boy that uses they/them pronouns and only wanted to go because their friend wanted to go and it "sounded fun".
They did some digging and found that the university hosting the program holds a very similar program that is open to all genders. They are asking if the child's friend wants to attend that with them instead of the one for those identifying as girls.
You did the right thing. It’s been made explicitly clear they do not identify as female. I’d inform administration of the situation just in case parents escalate.
I always give those flyers (girl scouts, girls running club, etc) to all the students in case they have a sibling or cousin who is interested. Saves me having to think about it.
You did the right thing.
You can't win with some parents
You did the right thing. They can't have it both ways, period. You should explain that in the email to their parents, if you haven't done it already
What option did you have here honestly? If you gave them the flyer they could have been even more upset, and you would ha e been accused of misgendeeing them. Better to let them come to you if they wish to participate in something gender specific

How was your day? :)
My god, that text is hard to read.
I'll guess I'll ask a question... What's the biggest turtle you've ever seen in person?
Do you like garlic bread?
Have you ever dyed your hair? If not, would you ever consider it?
Meow?

Looking for non fiction books to help educate me on everything transgender.
Please note, I'm not transphobic - I'm just late to the party and want to better understand it. I want to better myself and be more inclusive to all people. I'm not looking to transition, I'm a very comfortable straight male - I just want to treat everyone with respect and not say something that might be offensive based off of my preexisting gender biases.
Edit: Wow, so much kindness and literature in my inbox. Words can't describe. Thank you. I'm already halfway through Trans Like Me. Great suggestion - it's exactly what I was looking for. I'll make sure to read as many other suggestions as possible. Again, thank you all for the guidance and acceptance.
Seeing someone go out of their way to educate themselves on trans issues makes my heart warm.
And as a plug, your local librarians can probably also help you find resources! I'm sure there's a queer librarian somewhere who would be over the moon to help you out! :)
I recommend The GenderCool Project, which started as a project to let trans kids tell their stories. Like most kids, gender is just one part of the picture.
https://gendercool.org/champions/
A focus of GenderCool is conversation about who, not what. I think this is a good place to start, as it centers the people in the story, not medical care, political conflict, or related bigotry.
You asked for books, so they do have books like, A Kids Book About Being Transgender
https://akidsco.com/collections/the-gendercool-project-collection/products/gendercool-bundle
This really is a kids book, so here's an adult reading list
https://www.genderspectrum.org/articles/parenting-resources
https://genderspectrum.org/articles/understanding-gender
As a trans person, thank you so much for caring, it really means a lot.
Glad you’re looking to take the time to educate yourself! Its always appreciated.
I don’t know about books, but this and this seems to be a good place start. Try also looking up ally/lgbt advocacy organizations like GLAAD, PFlag, Human Rights Campaign, the Trevor Project (linked above), etc.
Also, speaking as a trans person, its more polite to use “trans/transgender people” and not “transgenders”.
Beyond the Gender Binary by Alok Vaid-Menon, a very easy-to-read introduction to the topic

25 million people, at least a few of them have to be decent human beings.
Ask yourself...why are republicans, all over the country, falling all over themselves to put transgender issues front and center during the midterms?
Republicans are at war with America (and history). WTF?
Tons of TX judges are on the ballot this year. We're working like hell to turn out DEMs like never before at r/VoteDEM!
A brief moment of sanity and peace in a storm of chaos, corruption, and hate.... VOTE, VOTE, VOTE, VOTE, VOTE